HR COORDINATOR
Summary
From my first job as a retail salesperson, I had a passion for leadership and the development of others.Â  As a Human Resources professional I
have had the privilege of working with new staff members to help them be successful in the organization. My Human Resources experience is
comprised of Generalist responsibilities where I have been able to contribute to the betterment of the organization and play a key role in increasing
retention for my employer.Â Â 
Highlights
HR policies and procedures expertise
Employee handbook development
Staff training and development
New employee on-boarding
Off-boarding
Employment law knowledge
 
Payroll expertise
Benefits administrator
Organized
Maintains confidentiality
Microsoft Office SuiteÂ 
Accomplishments
Revamped the orientation process for all new hires, which was implemented company-wide. Earned special recognition for designing and
completing a two-year restructuring project of 20+ years of volunteer records. Received employee of the year for outstanding and dedicated
service. Appointed to the Business Processes team - a select group who analyzes and restructures business process for the organization.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR COORDINATOR
 
12/2011
 
to 
Current
Girl Scouts of Gulfcoast Florida is the premier leadership development organization for girls.Â  I was brought on board to implement new
technology to manage volunteer information, to progress the on-boarding program for newly hired employees and to engage in all aspects of
Human Resources. Â Â 
I was able to improve how the organization manages its volunteer information and approvals by learning, implementing, and training others
on a new computer program. Â 
 
I have successfully overseen the volunteer approval process which includes background screening.
Â 1000+ new volunteers and 1000+ existing volunteers are re-screened each year to ensure a safe environment for girls. Â This experience
has provided me with a t
 
horough understanding of background screening laws, required notification, and maintenance of records.Â 
Design new employee packages and send them via mail and e-mail.
Resolve personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.
Post and audit job postings for old, pending, on-hold and draft positions.
Draft department-specific employee announcements.
Explain human resources policies and procedures to all employees. 
Manage communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.
Offer consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee PTO and vacation accruals.
Process all salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.
Address inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues.
Work with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.
Guid clients on how to conduct background checks and verify references.
Successfully advanced the on-boarding process by creating a positive, comprehensive new hire experience; conduct all new hire training;
oversee completion of required paperwork and documentation.
Manage employee benefits enrollment and termination; comprehensive knowledge of benefit details.
Key contributor to the revision of corporate background screening policy, practices, and legal adherence.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HUMAN RESOURCES/OFFICE MANAGER
 
06/2003
 
to 
04/2011
Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligible employees.
Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.
Developed anÂ employee handbook, including content and layout.
Guided the development and management of HR operations and processes for the organization.
Created and managed confidential personnel records.
Managed personnel files according to policy and federal and state law and regulations.
Generated employee tracking reports each month.
Offered consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee PTO and vacation accruals.
Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.
Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.
Planned and led training programs on staff development.
Provided support for CEO and sales team in managing operation work flow.
Handled and processed confidential client information.
Education
Master of Arts
 
:
 
Organizational Leadership
 
2011
 
Regent University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Minor in 
Organizational Development ConsultingBachelor of Science
 
:
 
Apparel and Merchandising
 
1991
 
Colorado State University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Professional Affiliations
Professional development courses completed:Â 
 10-week PHR/SPHR preparation course (2013),Â 
 
Girl Scout University Leadership
Series (2014)
Professional memberships: Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) 2009 - 2013, Sarasota Human Resource Association
(SHRA) 2010 - 2014,Â 
 
Founding Member, Zeta Tau Alpha Sorority, Colorado State University
Skills
Creative problem solving skills; o
 rganized with attention to detail; c
 
omputer proficient;Â 
 
customer service; b
 
enefits; p
 
ayroll; r
 
ecords
management; e
 
mployee relations; o
 
n-boarding and training;Â 
 
HRIS;Â 
 
MS Office Suite;Â 
 
ADP and Sage payroll.