FINANCE DIRECTOR
Professional Summary
Results oriented, dependable and motivated professional with 15 years of various experience in the field of accounting, payroll, tax, procurement
and administration. Desires a challenging role in business processes.
Core Qualifications
General and Tax Accounting
Account reconciliation
Budget forecasting expertise
Financial statement analysis
Compensation and benefits administration
System implementation
Inventory systems
Poilcy/program development
Certified Public Accountant (Philippines)
Proficiency in Oracle Financials, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Dynamics, Peach Tree Accounting.
Strong organizational skills
Analytical skills
Flexible team player
Staff development
Supervision and training
Problem resolution
Schedule management
Strategic
Good listener
Customer relationship
Service Orientation
Experience
Finance Director
 
June 2003
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage all aspects of accounting operations, overseeing day to day transactions related to general ledger, accounts payable, accounts
receivable, fixed assets, cash accounts, payroll and purchasing.
Reviews financial statements.
Reviews results of operations and ensures proper reporting to program head to understand revenue and cost drivers and define appropriate
reports for monitoring improvement.
Prepares project pricing and budget.
Develops financial models for comparative analysis of vendor proposals, compensation package, client pricing and budget proposals.
Manages cash flow.
Signs checks based on assigned approval authority.
Manage the maintenance and creation of corporate accounting, payroll and purchasing policies.
Ensuring that all records are maintained in accordance with GAAP and IFASB.
Handles external audits and regulatory exams.
Reviews and approves payroll.
Regularly reviews template of employee contracts and benefits to ensure that it is updated based on approved compensation package and
labor requirements.
Assisted in job grading projects.
Reviews and approves purchase orders based on assigned approval authority, recommends approval of capital improvements and
purchases recommending board approval.
Develops team members by setting objectives, providing performance reviews and coaching.
Monitors team adherence to department scheduled reports and deliverables and control procedures.
Manage external relationship with banks, auditors, lawyers, vendors/service providers and government representatives.
Assisted in due diligence for company acquisitions.
Handled implementation of accounting system.
Reviews contracts with vendors and ensures coverage of all discussed clauses.
Acts as the Corporate Secretary signing the minutes of Board of Directors meetings.
Finance Officer
 
October 2000
 
to 
May 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepares financial statement of regional headquarters.
Consolidates financial statement of companies and reports to the higher management.
Reviews financial statement and schedules of operating company.
Provides variance analysis against approved budget.
Manage cash flow and projection.
Oversee preparation of client invoices and supporting documentation.
Ensure compliance of billings with contractual terms.
Ensures timely payment to vendors.
Preparation of tax schedules, returns, information and other regulatory reports.
Prepares payroll and tax documents of higher management.
Reviews regular payroll and tax documentation.
Maintains regular review of accounting policies, ensures proper implementation and creation of new policies in case of need.
Handles performance review and coaching of the accounting team and payroll teams.Regularly coordinates with other departments on support required from the accounting team.
Maintains relationship with banks, government agencies, clients and service providers.
Handles coordination with auditors, lawyers and consultants on regular audits and legal matters.
Accounting Staff
 
January 1999
 
to 
October 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepare invoices and follow-up on payments.
Prepare payments to vendors.
Prepare tax returns and other regulatory reports Process payroll.
Handles bank transactions.
Handles bookkeeping and preparation of financial statements and schedules.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Accountancy
 
, 
1997
 
Miriam College Foundation Inc
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Philippines
Accountancy
Professional Affiliations
Philippine Institute of Certified Public Accountants (PIPCA), member 2000 - Present
Skills
Accounting, accounting system, accounts payable, accounts receivable, acquisitions, benefits, billings, bookkeeping, budget, cash flow, coaching,
contracts, corporate accounting, client, clients, documentation, drivers, due diligence, external audits, financial, develops financial models, financial
statements, prepares financial statement, fixed assets, general ledger, government reports, prepare invoices, legal, meetings, Microsoft Dynamics,
Microsoft Office, Monitors, Oracle Financials, payroll, Peach Tree, performance reviews, policies, pricing, proposals, purchasing, variance
analysis, budgets, managing cash flow,