DIRECTOR OF APPLICATIONS
Profile
Accomplished Healthcare Professional with an exemplary background in Healthcare IT. Progressive leadership experience in Healthcare IT.
Proven ability in strategic planning, business requirements gathering, creating roadmap with short term and long term goals, budget estimation and
management, negotiation, return on investment and return on value analysis. 
Proactive leader with an excellent work ethic and commitment to
exceptional customer service.
Skills
Graduate Assistant - Team Lead
Lead implementation of Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system in Registrar Office.
Technical Proficiencies
HCIS/EHR: 
Meditech Magic, CS 5.6x and 6.x; Athena.
PM Tools: 
MS Word, Excel, Power point, Quick Base, SharePoint, Project, Visio.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
July 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Director of Applications
 
City
 
, 
State
400+ licensed bed non-profit faith based Hospital with Residency Program, two Nursing Homes and ten outpatient Physician Practices
Report to the VP/CIO of IT.
Management of all IT Applications (Administrative, Clinical, Revenue Cycle, Ambulatory, Ancillary).
Manage $5M budget.
Evaluate organizations IT needs, create strategic plan and implement new projects.
Negotiation: Saved over $250,000 when purchasing new products.
Manage staff: 7 Application Analysts, 2 Team Leads and 2 Consultants.
EHR workflow re-design and optimization: Integrating standalone applications and systems to automate the workflow.
Consolidating and eliminating redundant applications.
Initially there were over 125 applications and systems, so far eliminated 25 redundant applications.
ARRA Meaningful Use: Gathered documentation for Meaningful Use Stage 1 CMS Audit, submitted audit documentation and passed the
Audit.
Lead Team to prepare for MU stage 2 attestation.
Currently leading Team to prepare for MU Stage 3 attestation.
ICD 10: Working collaboratively with Revenue Cycle and clinical departments to optimize the EMR workflow to be prepared for ICD 10
prior to the Oct 1, 2015 deadline.
Lead implementation of computerized provider order entry (CPOE), provider documentation, nursing documentation, bedside medication
verification, LAB glucose monitoring system (RALS), EHR/Application upgrades (Meditech, Curaspan and Midas), interface engine
upgrade (Cloverleaf), patient portal, DIRECT messaging system via health information exchange (HIE- NYeC & HealthiX), clinical content
mapping (LOINC, SNOMED, RxNorm using IMO) and single sign-on (Imprivata).
Executive Team member on a Six Sigma project for optimization of workflow and to reduce length of stay in Emergency Room.
Population Health Initiative: Executive Team member of NY Queens/Long Island DSRIP program IT Committee, a NYS initiative to reduce
readmissions and to reduce Medicaid cost.
Company Name
 
January 2012
 
to 
June 2013
 
Project Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
140+ licensed bed for-profit organization with 3 outpatient clinics) Reported to the CIO Worked closely with other Department Heads in
various project implementations.
Project management, product evaluation and contract management.
Saved over $75,000 by negotiating price when purchasing new products.
Introduced project management methodologies.
ARRA Meaningful Use: Lead MU Stage 1 initiative.
Successfully attested for Stage 1 Year 1 and prepared documentation for CMS audit.
Health Information Exchange (HIE): Gathered business requirements, created roadmap, presented phase wise implementation plan with
high-level milestones to Executive Committee.
Lead phase 1 implementation.
ICD 10: Performed gap analysis along with HIM Team and prepared project plan.
Lead EHR implementation in Labor and Delivery department (Philips TraceVue fetal monitoring and documentation system).
Lead implementation of EHR in Cardiology department (CardiacScience Pyramis).
Lead migration of interface engine (from HL7 connect to Summit Interface engine).
E-prescription (Dr.First): Lead implementation of standalone version of e-prescription and prepared project plan for its integration with
EHR (Meditech).
October 2011
 
to 
May 2012
 
Healthcare IT Consultant
 
Company Name
 
January 2008
 
to 
September 2011
 
Program Manager Consultant
 
State
Prepared project plan for implementation of computerized physician order entry, ordersets (Zynx), physician and nursing documentation, e-prescription, clinical portal, single sign-on and Meaningful Use Stage 1 initiative.
Managed $5M budget.
2000+ licensed bed for-profit Healthcare Organization with 15 Hospitals and several Ambulatory clinics) Corporate Manager - Projects
and Applications Reported to the Corporate CIO, CNO and CEO.
Served as a member of Corporate IT and Administrative Steering Committee.
Worked with Compliance Officers and Legal Counsel to manage IT policies and procedures.
Managed $20M budget.
Negotiation and contract management: Saved over $1.5M by negotiating price when purchasing new products and systems.
Participated in monthly and quarterly Enterprise IT Governance meetings.
Reviewed the status of ongoing IT projects, issues, major change requests, resource constraints and requirements, project prioritization and
budget.
As many as 50 large scale Enterprise wide projects with capital budget over $5M and 75 regional/facility level projects.
Created strategic plan to accommodate Health Systems' IT needs for new business initiatives such as new facility acquisitions and business
unit expansions.
Managed staff and budget 50 direct reports and up to 150 indirect reports.
Regional Application Managers, Project Managers, Business Analysts, Programmers, Consultants and offshore Teams.
Built strong IT Teams by mentoring, motivating and giving opportunity to grow.
Worked closely with Regional IT Teams in consolidating applications and systems.
Eliminated redundant systems/applications, standardized workflow by implementing best practices across the Health System.
Initially there were over 500 applications.
Eliminated as many as half of those applications by integrating the systems and implementing best practices.
With the support from Senior Management, promoted the culture of implementing Projects as Hospital wide initiatives instead of as IT
initiatives that lead to smooth transition during new Project implementations across the Health System.
Enterprise wide Implementations: Lead Teams during migration of legacy EHR systems to Healthcare System's preferred EHR System
(Meditech).
Strategically deployed EHR across the Health System in 3 to 4 phases based on the services provided at each hospital.
Reduced the implementation timeline from 9 - 12 months to 6 - 8 months by eliminating the redundant tasks with the lessons learned from
initial pilot projects and by adopting standardized workflow and processes during implementations.
Reduced the overall implementation cost by 25% - 30% by training and utilizing more internal resources from various departments and less
external resources (consulting services).
Lead Teams during implementation Computerized Physician Order Entry, Order sets, Physician and nursing documentation, voice
recognition system for Provider dictation, patient education and discharge instructions.
Worked closely with the HIM Directors, Physicians, Case Managers and Clinical Documentation Specialists for implementation of standard
documentation forms and templates across the Health System.
Lead Enterprise wide data archiving and reports standardization project.
Education and Training
University of Nevada
 
2007
 
Masters of Science
 
City
 
, 
State
Sri Ram Engineering College
 
2005
 
Bachelor of Engineering
 
City
 
, 
India
 
Professional Associations
Interests
HIMSS NYC chapter member. 
1 | Page
Additional Information
HIMSS NYC chapter member. 
1 | Page
Skills
acquisitions, Administrative, automate, benefits, budget, CMS, consulting, content, contract management, Delivery, dictation, Documentation,
Senior Management, forms, insurance, Team Lead, Legal, Magic, Meditech, meetings, mentoring, messaging, Excel, Exchange, Office, Power
point, 2000, MS Word, Midas, migration, negotiating, Negotiation, Enterprise, Nursing, OCR, Oct 1, optimization, Order Entry, PACS, policies,
processes, profit, coding, Project management, purchasing, Quick, recruiting, scanning, Six Sigma, strategic, Summit, Time management,
transcription, upgrades, upgrade, Visio, wise, workflow