FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
Highly organized and detail-focused Accounting Technician with an exceptional track record of accurately handling financial reporting in deadline-
oriented environments. Skilled in recording transactions, posting debits and credits, reconciling accounts, and ensuring accuracy and completeness
of data. Expertise in developing and delivering monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements within tight deadlines. Proficiency in managing
accounts payable and accounts receivable, generating invoices and monthly statements for clients. Proven ability to identify and implement
improvements to streamline processes and increase efficiency and productivity.
Highlights
Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Financial Edge and QuickBooks and able to learn proprietary systems/applications quickly and easily.
Skill Proficiencies
Quarterly Reports
Accounts Payable/Receivable 
*Budget Preparation
Process Improvement *Financial Statements
Reconciliation
Experience
Finance Manager
 
November 2009
 
to 
October 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Prepare schedules and consolidate information for annual budget planning.
Prepare financial statements with budget and actual comparisons using Financial Edge.
Compiles and prepares ongoing cash flow forecasting and needs analysis.
Prepare items and schedules for annual compliance and financial audits.
Prepares account and bank reconciliations.
Obtain bids and proposals as applicable for capital equipment, fixed assets, and services.
Maintain fixed assets files.
Manage credit card assignment and limits.
Prepare and manage job descriptions, orientation and departure paper.
Process background checks for staff and board members.
Maintain personnel files for all employees.
Act as liaison with payroll service to process bi-weekly payroll and maintain paid time off records.
Accounting Technician
 
October 2006
 
to 
July 2009
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
Performed double-entry accrual accounting work in order to maintain a combination of journals and ledgers.
Examined, verified, and analyzed a variety of documents including purchase orders, vouchers, payrolls, and property records.
Determined the mathematical correctness, validity, and clerical accuracy of the documents.
Resolved disagreements by contacting vendor, prepared documents with supporting backup, coded documents, and posted to appropriate
ledger or journal.
Maintained records to track expenditures for over 30 building projects to ensure budget is not exceeded.
Verified accuracy of over 200 general ledger accounts each month.
Produced and reviewed financial reports.
Excelled within a fast-paced environment, continually taking on increased levels of responsibility.
Owner/Bookkeeper
 
January 2006
 
to 
July 2006
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Provided full-charge bookkeeping service to small business owners.
Managed all financial transactions, posted debits and credits, produced financial statements, and recorded all transactions with strict
attention to details.
Managed accounts payables, accounts receivables, journal entries, 1099 forms, and tax preparation.
Reconciled and balanced accounts.
Generated monthly statements and invoices for customers.
Prepared financial summaries using Microsoft Excel detailing companies' financial status.
Generated bank deposits, verified and balanced receipts.
Researched and resolved billing and collections disputes.
Served as liaison with Certified Public Accountants.
Assisted clients with administrative duties.
Provided notary services.
Office Manager
 
April 2003
 
to 
December 2005
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Established and maintained filing system.Established and maintained filing system.
Procured office equipment and supplies.
Served as liaison with subcontractors, vendors, attorneys, accountants, and government agencies.
Maintained excellent customer relations and develop customer rapport.
Diplomatically resolved customers' complaints.
Managed project files to track expenditure and projected completion using Microsoft Project.
Prepared bids for construction projects.
Maintained account payables and account receivables.
Reconciled bank statements and ledger accounts.
Created financial reports using QuickBooks.
Education
Bachelor's Degree
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
1989
 
University of Central Oklahoma
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Administration
Skills
accounting, accounts payables, accounts receivables, Accounts Payable, accrual, administrative duties, backup, bank reconciliations, billing,
bookkeeping, budget planning, Budget Preparation, budget, bi, cash flow, clerical, credit, clients, customer relations, double-entry, Edge, fast,
filing, Financial, financial audits, financial reports, Financial Statements, Prepare financial statements, fixed assets, forecasting, forms, general ledger
accounts, government, ledger, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, needs analysis, office equipment, payables, payroll,
personnel, Process Improvement, proposals, QuickBooks, rapport, tax preparation