HR - SHARED SERVICES SUPERVISOR
Summary
Detail-oriented human resources professional who excels under tight deadlines, while anticipating and averting potential problems by proactively
streamlining processes.
Highlights
Professionals in Human Resources Association
Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills
Talent assessments
Motivated
Hiring recommendations
Background checks
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR - Shared Services Supervisor
 
01/2014
Provides leadership development and performance management to a direct team of associates focused on meeting call center operational
metrics and quality standards.
Engaged in strategic planning to identify milestones and targets to deliver results for performance metrics Assessed team from a Situational
Leadership perspective and built customized development plans to enhance areas of strength and close performance gaps to enhance the
overall performance of the department Partnered with associates to create and execute development plans to improve performance and
meet career pathing objectives Interviewed candidates and make hiring decisions of quality associates to staff the department to full capacity
Responsible for providing analytical, technical proficiency, product knowledge for all Advocate H.R.
processes and procedures.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Operations Manager
 
01/2013
 
to 
01/2014
Accomplishing company's objectives by overseeing center-wide recruiting, selecting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling,
monitoring, appraising and disciplining employees; communicating job expectations; reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing
compensation actions and enforcing policies and procedures.
Enhancing overall customer experience through call coaching and monitoring escalated call trends.
Coaching and developing to ensure all client support delivered per contractual agreements.
Enabled resolution of customer issues as liaison and facilitator for core team that participates in on-going planning and process improvement.
Responsible for 10 customer service supervisors and 250 customer service agents.
Achieving customer service objectives by contributing customer service information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews;
preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems;
completing audits; identifying customer service trends; determining system improvements; implementing change.
Meeting customer service financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing annual budgets, scheduling expenditures, analyzing
variances and initiating corrective actions.
Determining customer service requirements by maintaining contact with customers, visiting operational environments, conducting surveys,
forming focus groups, benchmarking best practices and analyzing information and applications.
Improving customer service quality results by studying, evaluating, and re-designing processes, establishing and communicating service
metrics, monitoring and analyzing results and implementing changes.
Effectively establish and maintain cross functional and cross-departmental partnerships.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Action Response Team Supervisor
 
01/2011
 
to 
01/2013
Resolved and/or addressed complex customer issues or questions, which included taking escalated calls from customers/associates.
Managed the Action Response Team function, ensuring service levels and quality goals were met.
Analyzed department satisfaction results and proactively developed and implemented action plans for improvement.
Performed the full scope of talent management and development activities including all aspects of the performance management process:
performance and behavior assessment, feedback, coaching, career planning, guidance, corrective action and training.
Call observation and monitoring for individual, team, enterprise root cause and trending analysis Represented the department in over 100
projects that directly impacted the performance of the queue.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
New Hire Supervisor
 
01/2005
 
to 
01/2011
Responsible for staffing call center of 550 associates with 30 New Hire Classes (20 associates per class) within 2 quarters of fiscal year;
while maintaining a 80 percent retention rate.
Provided New Hire Policies & Procedure and Customer Satisfaction Training to approximately 350 employees.
Conducted orientation sessions and arranged on-the-job training for new hires.
Developed and organized testing, training, evaluation procedures, multimedia visual aids, and other new hire materials.
Directed the development of a comprehensive training strategy, methodology, programs and curriculum for management opportunity,
employee development and technical training.
Performed administrative duties that may include tracking associates attendance, payroll processing, inputting assessment results, and
reviewing Knowledge checks.Maintained a database detailing employee training dates, types of training, qualification and recertification dates.
Conferred with management and conducted surveys and focus groups to identify training needs based on projected production processes,
changes, and other factors.
Evaluated instructor's performance and the effectiveness of training programs and provide recommendations for improvement.
Observed and monitored associates skills and behaviors during training; worked in conjunction with the classroom trainer in formulating
weekly assessment by providing feedback on comprehension, strengths and opportunities.
Collaborated with Human Resources in defining individual employee development plans for supervisors and managers by evaluating
capabilities and implementing effective solutions.
Education
B.A
 
:
 
Psychology
 
2015
 
Ashford University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.73
Human Resources Management certificate
Healthcare Management certificate
Accomplishments
Implemented a background check matrix for our vendor to streamline the background process during onboarding.
Skills
administrative, benchmarking, budgets, call center, Coaching, counseling, Customer Satisfaction, customer-service, 
client support, database,
designing, financial, focus, forecasting, functional, hiring, Human Resources, instructor, Leadership, leadership development, materials, multimedia,
enterprise, payroll processing, performance management, Policies, process improvement, processes, quality, recruiting, scheduling, staffing,
strategy, 
strategic planning, , trainer, employee development, employee training, training programs