ACCOUNTANT
Summary
General accounting procedures ***Accounts Payables * Costing ** Billing & Accounts Receivables * Cash Management * Bank Reconciliation
***Payroll Management * Finalisation of accounts up to Balance Sheet * Accounting Reports Management * Knowledge of L/C Documentation
* Admin & Secretarial Skills Competencies Proficient in data entry and management 
* Ability to maintain a high level of accuracy in preparing and
entering financial information * Ability to work fast and in an accurate manner * Good organizational and analytical skills * Ability to learn and
adapt quickly to meet changing needs
Highlights
Sound knowledge of computer accounting programs such as, I-Travel Financials (ERP), MYOB, Tally, QuickBooks, 
Xpert, Leap Accounting
and MS Office applications like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and other Internet 
applications with very good typing speed.
Experience
Accountant
 
October 2012
 
to 
October 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
A Destination Management Company based in Dubai) Job Description: Handled high volume of payments including internal and external.
Reviewed supplier invoices to ensure that all 
the information appearing on them is accurate and complete and reconciled their statements
after sorting queries.
Maintained listing of accounts payable.
Monitored accounts aging to ensure payments are up to date.
Performed day to day processing of payments by cheques, telegraphic transfers, online transfers, etc.
and 
ensured that suppliers are paid within the established time limits in accordance with the company policy.
Overseen daily cash and petty cash transactions and tallying of cash every day.
Prepared month-end account reconciliations primarily bank, accrual and prepaid accounts and post entries.
Ensured the confidentiality and security of all financial files.
Other accounting/finance support as and when required by the management.
Accountant - Payables / Accounting Clerk
 
April 2011
 
to 
October 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
A boutique law firm that specialises in the Corporate, Property and construction business sectors) Job Description: Accounts Payables -
Reviewed invoices to ensure that all the information appearing on them is accurate and 
complete.
Verified that payable transactions comply with financial policies and procedures.
Processed transaction 
reports (aging, payment, etc.) after data entry.
Maintained listing of accounts payable.
Cash Receipts & Petty Cash Expenses - Managed and controlled cash receipts through proper tracking and ensured that the same is
deposited into bank on a daily basis in order to avoid discrepancies.
Managed daily petty cash expenses and reconciled the physical cash and advances daily.
Bank Reconciliation - Monitored Bank transactions daily to avoid any irregularities and also to ease the bank 
reconciliation thus by keeping
the book balance up-to-date.
Accounting Vouchers & Data Entry- Prepared and recorded various vouchers in MYOB software.
Month end closing and Financial Reports - Maintained Fixed Assets master and run monthly depreciation, 
passed closing entries and
provided MIS reports (BRS, CFS, Ageing Reports, Commission Statement, etc.).
Finalisation of Accounts and Annual Audit - Assisted Finance Manager by preparing relevant B/S and P&L 
schedules as per 
auditor's
requirements for the Finalization of Accounts and Annual Audit.
Secretarial - Provided secretarial & administrative support to the Finance Manager as and when required.
Junior Accountant
 
July 2008
 
to 
April 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
A boutique TMT firm set up in the Middle East to cater exclusively for all legal needs of companies or individuals) Job Description: Handled
day to day accounts related jobs including but not limited to:- Invoicing - Prepared and sent timely and accurate invoices to clients by email.
Recorded invoices in the Leap 
Accounting Software.
Kept track of Clients' Funds in a separate Trust Account.
Accounts Receivables - Monitored Receivables regularly and worked with clients and A/R team to increase speed 
of receivables and
prevented interruption of service to clients that lead to an improvement in the financial 
performance of the company.
Managed receivables activities such as cash application, sending follow-up inquiries, negotiating with 
past due accounts.
Worked and resolved customer queries in relation with invoices by communicating with the 
concerned Fee Earners, participated in weekly
credit control meeting with the Managing Partner.
Accounts Payables - Verified suppliers' invoices, reconciled statements and arranged timely and accurate processing of payments in
accordance with the company's payment strategy, and also arranged advance 
payments wherever necessary and kept track of it.
Statutory Payments - Arranged Funds in Advance from clients to pay the statutory payments related to 
Trademark/Patent/License
Registration/Renewal before the deadline.
Payroll - Controlled and updated employee records and processed payroll.
Petty Cash - Managed daily cash expenses and verified and tallied physical cash balance.
Accounting Vouchers - Prepared, maintained various vouchers and recorded in Leap Accounting software.
Financial Reports - Assisted Finance Manager in preparing monthly financial reports.Secretarial - Performed other secretarial duties related to the Accounting Department.
Accountant cum Secretary
 
August 2005
 
to 
July 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
A General Trading company dealing in import and export of porcelain, melamine and stainless steel cookware, 
crockery & computers and
computer peripherals) Job Description: Bookkeeping - Performed daily accounting activities and ensured financial transactions are captured
in proper 
accounts in Tally Accounting software.
Analyzed and reviewed accounting provisions to ensure expenses are 
promptly regularized.
Maintained General Ledger, Trial Balance, P & L A/c and Balance Sheet.
Purchasing and clearance of shipments - Placed local and overseas purchase orders under supervision and 
coordinated clearance of Import
Shipments and arranged payments through cheques, bank transfer, 
documentary collection, letters of credit, etc.
Costing: Ascertained various costs to calculate the sales price of the products.
Sales - Actively supported company sales team and coordinated sales details and ensured deliveries were carried 
out as agreed with
customers.
Invoicing - Timely preparation and dispatch of invoices and monthly sales analysis as well as sales reports.
Cash Management - Managed cash receipts and petty cash expenses.
Letter of Credit - Assisted in opening of L/Cs, review and follow up on opened L/Cs.
Bank - Monitored bank transactions daily and performed bank reconciliation.
Finalisation of Accounts & Annual Audit - Provided monthly and annual Financial Reports to management and 
liaised 
with the Auditors.
Administration - Provided administrative and secretarial support in order to ensure the effective and efficient office 
operations.
Liaised with Banks, Insurance Agencies, Creditors and Customers as part of day to day operation.
Education
M.Com (Master of Commerce)
 
University of Kerala
 
India
B.Com (Bachelor of Commerce)
 
Mahatma Gandhi University
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
, 
India
Certifications
Personal Profile Nationality 
: 
Indian 
******Driving License 
: 
UAE 
Visa Status 
: 
Husband's Sponsorship 
******Languages known 
: 
English,
Hindi, Malayalam Availability 
: 
Immediate
Skills
Accounting, Accounting Software, Accounts Payables, accounts payable, Accounts Receivables, accrual, administrative, administrative support,
Trial Balance, balance, Balance Sheet, bank 
reconciliation, Bank Reconciliation, Bookkeeping, book, c, Driving License, Cash Management,
closing, computer peripherals, Credit, Clients, Data Entry, email, English, ERP, Finance, Financials, Financial, Fixed Assets, Funds, General
Ledger, Hindi, Insurance, Internet 
applications, Invoicing, Languages, law, legal, letters, Managing, Excel, MS Office applications, office, Outlook,
PowerPoint, Word, MIS, MYOB, negotiating, Payroll, policies, Purchasing, QuickBooks, Sales, sales analysis, Secretarial, Sound, strategy,
supervision, typing speed, Xpert