PARTNER ACCOUNT MANAGER
Executive Summary
Over 6 years of customer facing management experience in managing Healthcare IT and Banking industry. Managed teams of 15 to 20 members
and projects involving cross functional teams to achieve organizational goals.
Core Qualifications
MS Excel, Project, Word, PowerPoint
SAP R/3
SPSS
Oracle SQL (TOAD)
SalesForce CRM
VISIO
Professional Experience
Partner Account Manager
 
04/2014
 
to 
08/2014
 
Company Name
Partner portfolio and revenue management.
Managed project with regard to the Customers product deployment in SaaS Platform.
Responsible to create partner Quotations, license renewals and Service Addendums.
Resolving In-service request through Jira and registering nodes and adding servers on SaaS Plaza platform.
Monitoring the Invoice and Billing on product renewals.
Setting up the Product demo environment for the Partners and their customers.
Assisted Partners with online training and educate them about the product usage in the cloud platform.
Client Account Manager
 
07/2011
 
to 
12/2013
 
City
Drive sales through Partners and Distributors.
Managed existing partners and generate revenues from them Conducting promotional activities and events for partners and Distributors 
and
also encourage new channel partners through the events organized to understand the Program benefits Planning and implementing marketing
and partner relations programs to increase partnership growth and retention Analyzing and identifying the ways to maximize the revenue
through lead generation and Promotional events.
Handling Latin American Market and Accounts tagged to the territory for Premier and Elite partners.
Working together with Sales representatives to create Quotations, license renewals and approve Deal registrations for the partners based on
their Certifications and partner levels.
Creating awareness about the Partner benefit program in order to maximize the sales opportunity Managing quotations and the renewal
proposals.
Relationship Manager
 
01/2010
 
to 
05/2011
 
Company Name
Customers' acquisition in order to increase transaction book size.
Establishing alliances which would ensure steady stream of business referrals.
Increase Customer Profitability.
Used Oracle SQL to analyses the financial data related to the customer borrowings of funds.
Continue Professional development.
Lead Management System.
Managed Trade and Asset services of the customers Worked closely with a treasury department related to the hedging of funds.
Handling small and medium enterprise accounts with key focus on bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of available
resources Conceptualizing and implementing competent strategies with a view to penetrate new accounts and expand existing ones for a
wide range of Banking products/services Managing a wide gamut of banking functions for small and medium enterprise accounts.
Managing Assets domain for the Corporate Clients with key expertise into corporate lending services.
Health Advisory Manager
 
05/2006
 
to 
12/2009
 
Company Name
Receive Service Request(SR) from the HealthCare clients (Customers).
Analyze and study the SR thoroughly to ensure Compliance as per HIPAA and HCPC Provide customer support and assist internally to
process Claims and Requests by inter-departmental collaboration.
Analyzing customers' financial accounts and provide statistical reports to optimize their revenue generation and management.
Generate financial customized reports using SQL and EXCEL for customers.
Trained customers on Product policies related to the Health and Accidental Coverages.
Managed cross functional team within the Organization to increase focus on new customers.
Managed customer centric operations pre and post implementation.
Assist Back office function related with regard to patient Scheduling/Verification.
Monitored Clients data validation in accordance with the given code of conduct.Education
M.S
 
: 
Information System Management
 
Coleman University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Information System Management
Masterof Business Administration (Marketing)
 
Symbiosis International University
Accomplishments
Received Thanks award for Best performer for two consecutive Months(HSBC).
Received Thanks award for the third quarter for closing the biggest deal across HSBC Achieved annual revenue quota goals through sales
and account management processes within territory.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Active participant in project Shapath - the drive against Human Trafficking, SCMHRD
(2008).
Languages
English, Spanish
Skills
Premier, banking, benefits, Billing, book, Business Administration, CRM, Clients, customer support, English, financial, focus, functional, funds,
Latin, Managing, marketing, Market, MS Excel, EXCEL, office, PowerPoint, Word, enterprise, Oracle SQL, policies, proposals, Sales, SAP
R/3, Scheduling, servers, Spanish, SPSS, SQL, TOAD, treasury, validation, view, VISIO