CASE MANAGER
Professional Summary
Detail-oriented professional focused on developing comprehensive youth and family-related programs and services. Comprehensive background
includes providing case management services to adults and youth involved with the juvenile justice system.
Skill Highlights
Case Management
Family and children's programs knowledge
Crisis prevention intervention
Child abuse and criminal history clearance
Discharge planning
Parent-child conflict specialist
Suicidal ideation identification
Alternative Discipline Techniques
Mental health systems
Exceptional interpersonal skills
Computer-savvy
Exemplary people management skills
Exceptional communication skills
Analytical thinker
Compassionate and active listener
First Aid certified
Clean driving record
Experience
Determined client eligibility for benefit programs and services.
Referred clients to partner agencies for additional services.
Managed clinical and administrative aspects of the agency's mental health services.
Education and Training
Bachelors of Arts
 
:
 
Psychology
 
2011
 
West Virginia State University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Child Development and Psychology coursework
Communications and Public Relations coursework
Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Studies coursework
Experience
Company Name
 
Case Manager
 
12/2013
 
to 
Current
Provides case management services including intake, assessment, crisis intervention, advocacy, referral, and monitoring of families.
Gathers social history to assess family strengths, and weaknesses, and to assess existing problems.
Conducts home visits and office base services, and accompanies consumers as needed.
Coordinates care with outreach workers, health educators, nutritionists and other service providers to prevent service duplication and to
ensure the consumer receives high quality care.
Identifies and procures group services appropriate for the consumer to maximize the consumer's ability to live outside an institution.
Plan and assist in obtaining services from third-party service providers.
Develops plan of care for each consumer to include services such as advocacy/case management, independent living skills, training, peer
support, physical therapy, cognitive therapy, etc.
Monitors the delivery of services in coordination with the consumer and third party service providers.
Assists consumers with related matters including consumers' eligibility for benefits through Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, and private
insurance.
Maintains up to date case records with the status of case activity, including progress notes on all contacts.
Proficient with establishing work relationships with client Demonstrates competence in verbal and written communication skills Ability to
handle crisis situations with minimal supervision.
Company Name
 
Case Manager
 
10/2011
 
to 
12/2013
Providing linkage and advocacy to children and adolescents and their families Assists families in developing the skills and supports necessary
to enhance quality of life, increase adaptive functioning, and improve self-sufficiency in the community Provide services that include
advocacy, referrals, evaluations, and treatment planning Performs on going evaluations of the family's strengths and needs to ensure timely
and effective services Provide supportive counseling to improve day to day coping and problem solving skills Provide services in the home
setting, school setting, and community setting Profile prospects and clients to identify additional financial needs and refer to appropriate
financial partners.
Deliver superior quality service in person or by phone such that client needs are met on a consistent, positive basis.
Train new employees Completes mental health assessments on adult and adolescence populations to ensure proper treatment services
Support team service process by participating in team service efforts such as service meetings.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Teller/Relationship Banker
 
05/2006
 
to 
10/2011
Responsible for a variety of duties aimed at providing client services such as receiving, paying out, and keeping an accurate record of all
monies involved in paying and receiving transactions.Performing more complex transactions such as: coupon collection, issuing official checks, large commercial deposits, close out transactions,
cash advances Client Service in a team environment Cash handling experiencing involving large sums of money for Automated Teller
Machines, as well as balancing and reconciling ATM Daily reconcilements of cash drawers Proactively initiate, develop, and manage long-
term, profitable relationships.
Manage existing client relationships to identify future needs and consultatively address them.
Profile prospects and clients to identify additional financial needs and refer to appropriate financial partners.
Deliver superior quality service in person or by phone such that client needs are met on a consistent, positive basis.
Serve as primary contact for new account openings and cross sale of other products and services to clients and prospects.
Support team sales process by acting upon or referring identified client needs to other lines of business, including but not limited to, retail
loan, mortgage, investments, private banking, insurance, small business, merchant services, and other areas.
Participate in team sales efforts such as team call nights, sales meetings, and debrief.
Employ BB&T supported sales techniques and processes whenever possible to better serve the client and branch team.
Serve as contact for client problem resolution and perform maintenance for current clients as dictated by the needs of the office.
Serve as contact in responding to client and non-client service inquiries as dictated by the needs of the office.
Support team service process by participating in team service efforts such as service meetings.
Skills
ATM, banking, benefits, Cash handling, counseling, Client, clients, delivery, financial, insurance, investments, notes, meetings, mental health,
money, office, Monitors, problem resolution, problem solving skills, processes, progress, Psychology, quality, receiving, reconciling, retail, sales,
supervision, phone, written communication skills
Healthcare: intravenous therapy, MEDISOFT, computerized charting, STD counseling, breastfeeding educator People skills: great bedside
manner, enthusiastic people person, advanced problem-solving, great organizational skills