EXPERIENCED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER
Experience
Experienced Information Technology Manager
Highly accomplished professional with over 10 years of experience in a variety of management areas.
Astute in identifying operational business needs, turning needs into requirements, and producing supporting business and reporting systems.
Skilled in all phases of project management, managing resources and personnel, and leadership.
Demonstrated ability to implement effective systems and manage high output work teams.
Key Proficiencies Personnel Management Leadership Management of on-shore/off-shore resources Financial budgets/planning Project
Management Business Intelligence Communications Business Analysis Report Development/ Analysis User Relations/User Training
Development Superior Microsoft Office Product Knowledge Redesign of entire BI Program including streamlining of platform, redesign of
warehouse, and revamp of reporting tools, resulting in consistent data across entire organization, quality, trusted data for business decision
making, and license cost savings of $30,000 per year over 5 year period.
Redeployment of architecture of Business Objects to SAP BO with SAP BW providing backend closed system between tools to improve
report design and runtime efficiency of reports.
Implementation of revamped external website using SharePoint as the redesign toolset; project brought our technology current to SharePoint
2010 architecture providing vendor support and established new company branding.
Redesign of SharePoint end user experience to gain user acceptance and build stronger partnership with business units.
Applications Team Leader
 
05/2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manager of Business Intelligence, DBA, SharePoint, and Web departments; including strategic planning, overall systems architecture, and
personnel.
Work with a variety of vertical and horizontal reporting structures to communicate progress and status.
Cultivate relationships with all levels within the organization to build strong partnerships.
Review reporting, database, SharePoint, and web practices to ensure proper techniques utilized, handle all project management, and
oversee departmental staff development, compensation, and hiring practices.
Management of personnel includes both onshore and offshore consultants as well as company employees.
Accomplishments Implementation of revamped external website using SharePoint as the redesign toolset; managed on-time and within
budget.
Project brought our technology current and provided a more streamlined user experience.
Redevelopment of standards for SharePoint governance; managed on-time.
Implementing governance allowed us to save over 100GB of server space and positioned our site for new branding.
Redesign of entire BI structure including platform, databases and reporting; currently on-going; managing and providing technical assistance.
Project brings disparate data sources together, combines tools into one system and saves licensing costs of $30,000 per year over 5 years.
Business Intelligence Manager
 
12/2005
 
to 
05/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manager of reporting department; including strategic planning, and overall systems architecture.
Worked with all levels of the organization to communicate project status, and created and maintained relationships with executives to adhere
to company goals.
Performed data analysis, management of reporting software systems and data warehouse environment, reviewed reporting practices to
ensure proper techniques utilized, handled all project management, and oversaw departmental budget and staff development, compensation,
and hiring practices.
Accomplishments Upgrade of the Business Objects architecture from unsupported version to latest copy.
Done on-time and within budget.
Managed project as well as did technical work.
Upgrade of databases from MS SQL to Oracle to support parent company design standards.
Done on-time and within budget.
Managed project.
Redeployment of architecture of Business Objects to SAP BO with BW.
Managed project as well as did technical work.
Participated in Phase 1 of 3.
Information Systems Software Administrator
 
11/1997
 
to 
10/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed and maintained all software packages for the entire organization including ERP, CRM, SQL databases, and reporting software.
Lead efforts to analyze company needs and determine where software in use could best be configured to align with company needs.
Worked with all levels of the company to maintain and administer both software and reporting needs.
Managed Help Desk personnel.
Accomplishments.
Implementation of new ERP system throughout organization including database, software and reporting.
Managed project within scope, budget and timeline.
Implementation of CRM system.
Managed on time and within budget.
EducationBA
 
: 
Management
 
2012
 
Western Governor's University
 
Management
General Studies
 
2007
 
University of Phoenix
 
General Studies business management focus
Diploma
 
: 
General Studies
 
1993
 
Denmark High School
 
General Studies
Professional Affiliations
Girl Scouts of America - Troop Leader/Volunteer (2011 - Present) *Women in Technology Wisconsin, Inc. - Brand Ambassador (May 2015 -
Present) *Allouez Traffic and Safety Committee (2009 - 2012) *Leadership Green Bay (2007)
Skills
branding, budgets, budget, Business Analysis, BI, Business Intelligence, business management, Business Objects, CRM, data analysis, data
warehouse, DBA, databases, database, decision making, ERP, Financial, focus, Help Desk, hiring, Leadership, managing, Microsoft Office,
SharePoint, Oracle, personnel, Personnel Management, producing, progress, Project Management, quality, reporting, SAP BW, SAP, MS SQL,
SQL, staff development, strategic planning, systems architecture, technical assistance, User Training, Upgrade, website