SENIOR SPECIALTY SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Decisive seasoned Bio-pharmaceutical sales representative who drives territory growth through creative and innovative marketing strategies.
Skilled at analyzing market trends and customer needs to develop highly-effective and targeted campaigns to drive revenue.
Highlights
Account management
Customer service-oriented
Quantitative analysis
Deadline-driven
Presentations
Cross-functional team leadership
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Market segmentation
Project management
Competitive analysis
Trade shows
Accomplishments
Launched aggressive growth plans that helped increase customer base of Flumist 
from 15 to 94 customers in the geography in 3 years.
Presented PowerPoint presentation to Executive Leadership Team on customer segmentation strategy and customer returns strategy.
Resulting program increased volume sales by 1Million in 1 year
Provided subject matter content to a sales module on successful selling in a hospital environment. 
Resulting sales training from this 
module
lead to significant increase in Synagis revenue from hospital sales and greater confidence of sales reps to enter hospital systems
Created a project to increase sales team's collaboration. 
Used company's SharePoint Service to create a workspace for field use. 
Worked
with Effectiveness Team to roll out a similar platform using Box.com. 
Program has been incorporated by Astra Zeneca to share information
and increase collaboration of sales and commercial teams
Experience
SENIOR SPECIALTY SALES REPRESENTATIVE
 
01/2006
 
to 
01/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Key Responsibilities included: 
Marketing and promoting CVD products to NYC CV, Endocrinology, and Nephrology specialists and
hospitals.
Business Planning, Sales Forecasting and strong use of Excel.
Meeting and exceeding sales goals.
Built strong business relationships with healthcare executives and key opinion leaders.
Strong collaboration with internal partners.
Selected Accomplishments Awards of Excellence; 2007, 2008, 2009, resulting from collaborating and setting framework to open product
contract negotiations, KOL identification, and press for formulary access at NYPH Cornell.
Regional Market Events Think Tank Committee appointment - 2009: 
appointed to team by Regional Sales Director following market
decline of 
Zetia, a direct result of sales performance and district leadership and initiatives Directors Award for ranking in the 20% of national
sales team - 2008: strong sales achievement, measured by sales reports and strong performance reviews.
Achieved by uncovering an unmet need in territory Zetia Product Advisory Committee Appointment 2008: consulted Marketing Department
as a team on brand initiatives, a direct result of strong sales performance and year end reviews.
01/2003
 
to 
01/2005
 
Company Name
NYC Teaching Hospitals, NYC & NJ Pulmonologists.
8 hospital Formulary Placements and 3 hospital Protocol Implementations to achieve 115% to goal achievement and 140% to goal for new
product launch.
Achieved and exceeded sales goals YOY throughout tenure.
Zithromax Product Advisory board appointments.
01/2001
 
to 
01/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsibilities include the promotion of key branded products to Internal Medicine, Pulmonologists Cardiologists, Nephrologists,
Allergists, Dermatologists, Psychiatrists, Geriatric Specialists, Neurologists, Otolaryngologists, and NYC Hospital Teaching Institutions.
Guest Regional and National Trainer Appointments PROFESSIONAL HEALTHCARE REPRESENTATIVE
 
01/2001
 
to 
01/2003
Circle of Excellence Sales Award Trip Winner Rookie of the Year Award Regional Performance Fund Award for stepping into vacant
Hospital Territory in district and driving sales Achieved and exceeded sales goals throughout tenure Multiple appointments to marketing
product advisory boards due to achievements with field sales.Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Certificate - Marketing International Marketing Biology
 
2015
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.10
 
Business Certificate -
Marketing International Marketing Biology GPA: 3.10
Biology and Chemistry
 
1998
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Dean's List 1998
 
Academic Coach: Sports and Athletic Association Biology and Chemistry
Dean's List 1998 Worked 30 Hrs/week in food and beverage services to support education financial requirements
Languages
English, Spanish (conversational)
Interests
Hockey, Triathlete, Music - Piano and Guitar, Woodworking and Carpentry
Additional Information
ACTIVITIES: Hockey, Triathlete, Music - Piano and Guitar, Woodworking and Carpentry
Skills
Academic, Acrobat, Adobe, Photoshop, Business Planning, Coach, contract negotiations, driving, Endocrinology, English, financial, Illustrator,
Internal Medicine, leadership, Director, Market, Marketing, access, Excel, MS Office Suite, Publisher, Windows 8, Windows, performance
reviews, press, marketing product, promotion, Sales, Sales Forecasting, sales reports, Spanish, Teaching