SENIOR HR BUSINESS PARTNER
Summary
Human Resources Professional with 8 years of experience in human resources and recruiting. Expertise in Employee Relations and Recruiting.
Highly driven to achieve company goals.
Highlights
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER
Extensive background in HR Business Partner affairs, including experience in, staff development, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits
and compensation, HR records management, HR policies development and legal compliance.
Demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, and writing policies, job descriptions and
management reports.
HR SKILLS
Employment Law
FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC
HR Policies & Procedures *Staff Recruitment & Retention
Employee Relations
Benefits Administration *Orientation & On-Boarding
Training & Development
Organizational Development
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)
Experience
Senior HR Business Partner
 
August 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Organized the start up of a new call center opened in September 2013.
Played a key role in recruiting, hiring, and onboarding over 1,000 employees during the startup of this new location.
Key Results: Administers human resources activities for assigned office, ensuring compliance with all relevant laws, regulations, policies, and
procedures.
Perform a variety of professional level tasks in multiple functional areas of HR, including benefits, compensation, recruiting, professional
development, and employee relations.
Acts as a liaison between employees and headquarters.
Prepares Personnel Action Notices (PANs) and enters data into PeopleSoft.
Designs and runs queries and prepares various reports as requested by management.
Facilitates new hire orientation sessions, and may prepare orientation packages.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant human resources procedures and practices, and relevant labor laws.
HR & Safety Manager
 
August 2010
 
to 
August 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Currenlty operating as MarJac poultry one of the largest privately owned poultry companies in the US.
Promoted from within to HR/Safety Manager after demonstrating a strong work ethic.
Worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; and develop orientation, training, and incentive
programs.
Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer benefits enrollment and handle HR generalist workplace issues.
Key Results: Played a key role in reorganizing the Waynesboro complex and establishing sound HR principles.
Structured and managed programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new-
employee orientation.
Fostered a teamwork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.
Managed Workers compensation program for four locations.
Utilized preferred providers list and trained managers and associates on procedures to follow in case of injury.
Wrote trainings to cover issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA policy, attendance policy, and benefits
information.
Implemented and organized I9 and everify procedures to ensure compliance with federal regulations.
Managed all locations compliance with Department Of Transportation regulations, OSHA regulations, Department of Environmental Quality
compliance.
Conducted all pre-employment, post accident, and random drug screens.
Managed staff reductions.
Resolved all disciplinary actions for salary and hourly employees.
HR Supervisor
 
August 2008
 
to 
August 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Poultry processing plant employing 1,000 employees.
Responsibilities included a broad range of HR functions, including training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action
and managing HR records.
Key Results: Trained members of management on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducting workshops and one-on-onecoaching sessions that contributed to sound hiring decisions.
Projected daily staffing needs to maintain adequate staffing levels.
Managed hourly cleaning staff, and HR/safety clerks.
Managed new-hire orientation program to include HR information and company resources.
Education
Bachelor of Science (BS)
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
2008
 
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN MISSISSIPPI
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business
Administration Activities: Worked 40+ hours per week concurrently during college as a mechanic for Howard Transportation.
Professional Affiliations
Complete ongoing training in the areas of compensation and benefits, employee and labor relations, leaves of absence, workers' compensation and
workplace safety/security.
Skills
ADA, benefits, Benefits Administration, call center, coaching, conflict resolution, Employee Relations, training employees, senior management,
functional, hiring, HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER, human resources, HR, teambuilding, Law, legal compliance, managing, mechanic,
mediation, Access, Excel, MS Office, office, Outlook, PowerPoint, win, Word, negotiating, Organizational Development, PeopleSoft, Personnel,
Policies, Quality, Recruitment, recruiting, Safety, sound, staff development, staffing, Structured, teamwork, Transportation, workshops