TEAM MEMBER / PRICER
Career Overview
RETAIL OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT Inventory Control 
Product Pricing DEDICATED and EXPERIENCED BUSINESS
PROFESSIONAL with a tradition of performance excellence achieving or surpassing corporate goals for sales, operations, 
Merchandise
customer service, and safety standards. 
Replenishment Â· Foster cooperation and build trusted relationships with clients, staff, and management.
Staff Training Â· Train staff on club procedures, company policies and practices, and computer usage. 
Team Leadership Â· Provide analysis and
resolution of internal organizational issues and problems. 
Cash Accountability Â· Computer literate...adept at using proprietary systems for
appointments, A/R, program 
Payroll/Timekeeping 
registration, and customer accounts. Kronos payroll system. 
Accounts Receivable Â· Tactful
and calm when dealing with sensitive situations and resolving patron issues. 
Financial Reporting Â· Solid work ethic; meticulous organization; pride
in work; positive can-do attitude. 
OSHA Compliance
Core Strengths
Strong organizational skills
Active listening skills
Sharp problem solver
Energetic work attitude
Inventory control familiarity
Top sales performer
Visual merchandising proficiency
Work Experience
07/2012
 
to 
Current
Team Member / Pricer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Set up store prior to grand opening.
Selected products to be sold.
Priced accordingly.
Placed product to the sales floor.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning. 
Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer
service representatives when needed. 
Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store. 
Organized the store by returning all
merchandise to its proper place.
01/1990
 
to 
01/2012
Club Manager/Assistant Manager Â· Sales Manager/Assistant Manager Â· Operations Manager
 
Company Name
Managed all operational areas of busy fitness club with 6 direct reports, a total staff of 30, and 400-800 daily patrons.
Operational areas included Customer Service, Programs, Personal Training, Retail Sales, Kids' Club, Maintenance, and Financial
Management (Payroll, Accounts Receivable, Sales Reporting, Budget Management).
Company Name
Responded quickly to customer inquiries and issues to maintain a high level of member satisfaction/retention.
Influenced prospects, sold memberships and accounted for cash/credit card receipts.
Conducted facility tours and new member orientations; developed new member fitness goals.
Scheduled appointments and registered patrons for classes, personal training, and fitness sessions.
Drove revenue growth through referrals by building positive and enduring relationships with members.
Processed all contracts, payments, and membership corrections.
Programs 
Oversaw entire program schedule, ensuring instructors' commitment and participant registration.
Monitored program enrollment to ensure profitability.
Personal Training 
Monitored new memberships to ensure participation in new member session with a personal trainer.
Identified and communicated customers' needs to personal trainers.
Accountable for a $20,000 monthly budget.
Sold individual personal training sessions to customers.
Retail Sales 
Accountable for a $30,000 annual budget for nutritional items and ancillary merchandise.
Maintained proper levels of inventory to meet customer demands.
Opened, closed, and balanced POS system on a daily basis.
Scheduled nursery personnel, monitored attendance, and evaluated performance.
Enforced company policies to minimize risk potential.
Maintenance 
Communicated equipment malfunctions to maintenance staff to sustain a high level of equipment reliability.
Scheduled and monitored nightly facility cleaning.
Responded immediately to emergency situations and prepared and submitted timely accident reports.
Staff Management 
Hired, trained, motivated, evaluated, and disciplined staff to achieve corporate performance standards.
Coached and mentored employees to contribute to club's success.
Conducted ongoing staff training.
Operations Management 
Organized department schedules to ensure adequate coverage and efficient operations.
Consistently achieved percentage to budget bonus pay for meeting or surpassing corporate goals.
Previous Experience includes various management roles for Chicago Health Club.Educational Background
Business Administration curriculum Bally Total Fitness--monthly training/meetings to increase skill level in management, sales, marketing, and
accounting.
 
Moraine Valley Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
accounting, Accounts Receivable, Budget Management, budget, Business Administration, contracts, credit, Customer Service, staff training,
Financial Management, inventory, marketing, meetings, Operations Management, Payroll, personnel, policies, POS, Retail Sales, sales, Sales
Reporting, Staff Management, trainer