DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Executive Profile
Dynamic, results-oriented Controller with over 25 years of experience, demonstrating expertise in financial reporting and analysis. Strong track
record in creating and implementing internal controls, to reduce the risk of fraud, exposure and loss. Created SOD to increase efficiency and set
standards for compliance within the finance department. Applied testing processes and procedures to improve financial operations. Hands on
Manager who is effective at creating a team environment. Proficient plus in all aspects of General Ledger, BS and P&L financial reporting. Well
versed in treasury management and reporting across numerous industries as well as internal and external audits and regulatory compliance.
Skill Highlights
Financial Management
Financial Reporting and Analysis
Maintain/Update General Ledger
Treasury Management
â—​Process Improvement & Finance Controlsâ—​ Implementation
Sarbannes-Oxley Compliance
GL Account reconciliations
Sales Commission Analysis
Sales D&A analysis
Inventory Reconciliation
Customer relations
Payroll Management â—​
Staff Training & Management
â—​Accounts Payable & Receivable
Fixed Asset Management â—​
State Reporting incl. Sales Tax Filings
Oracle Financials â—​â—​
QuickBooks
Asset Keeper
Discovery Payroll
Excel 2013
ADP-Etime
Kronos
PeopleSoft
Excel 
2013
MSOffice
Core Accomplishments
Developed financial controls that successfully scaled as the company grew in annual revenues. Hired and trained a defined accounting department
and established SOD to reduce risk of fraud and exposure.
Successfully managed annual audits in which no material weakness were noted by auditors. Assisted in accelerating month end closing processes
to the 5th business day of every month. Provided timely and accurate financial reports on operating entities. Negotiated discount terms with
Vendors not currently offering. Recaptured 100K+ of lost D&A costs and created/reclassed accounts for better analysis and financial reporting for
sales team. Worked with plant manager and department heads to create Purchase order template and approval controls to reduce lost time and
money. Worked in creating AR processes to ensure timely collection of all accounts falling into the 30 day and over buckets.
Professional Experience
December 2014
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Director of Finance
Providing effective financial leadership by developing and implementing efficient accounting controls, segregation of duties and defined roles within
the accounting department. Enable strategic 
foresight into the business by modeling, planning and executing 
financial processes. Reduce risk,
exposure and loss, specifically with D&A by establishing cost effective ways to track and measure financial impact. Providing knowledgeable and
accurate financial reporting to management. Execute accounts receivable reporting enhancements for timely collections. Ensure firm account
reconciliations as well as continually 
addressing and resolving unexpected variances. Complete monthly bank reconciliations. Assist CFO with daily
sales reporting and analysis.
June 2004
 
to 
December 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Assistant Controller/Accounting Manager
Manage all accounting operations, financial close, financial reporting and reconciliations. Prepare, review and present accurate financial statementsManage all accounting operations, financial close, financial reporting and reconciliations. Prepare, review and present accurate financial statements
at each month end. Provide firm reconciliations, including general ledger, treasury and payroll. Manage treasury accounts and cash flow. Key
player in automating otherwise manual processes. Established and assurance of Sarbanes-Oxley compliance for accounting functions. Comply with
federal, state and company policies and regulations, including filing of all annual reports, franchise taxes and foreign tax filing. Manage successful
quarterly and annual internal/external audits with no material weaknesses. 
Hire/train/evaluate 13+ accounting staff.
January 1992
 
to 
January 2004
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Controller
Managed accounting operations, financial close, account reporting and monthly reconciliations. Prepared accurate consolidated financial statements
pertaining to cash receipts, expenditures and profit and loss at each month end. Managed annual external audits. Directed corporate accounting
system conversion into AccPac Plus accounting platform. Completed monthly bank reconciliations for multiple bank accounts, with no
discrepancies. Maintained fixed assets, calculated and recorded monthly depreciation and amortization. Managed general ledger for five
companies. Reconciled 12M+ inventory. Managed all facets of Payroll for 80+ employees including filing of all payroll taxes, quarterly and
annually. Prepared W-2's and 1099's annually
Education
2000
Colorado State University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Bachelor of Arts
2002, Colorado State University Fort Collins, CO, USA
Bachelor of Arts
1995, Front Range Community College, Fort Collins, CO
Associates in Accounting
Skills
Corporate Accounting, Accounting Operations, Audits, Cash, Filing, Financial Statements, General Ledger Reconciliations, 
Payroll and 
PR
Reconciliations, Accounts Payable, 
Bank Reconciliations, 
Asset Mgmt, Fixed Assets, Inventory Reconcilations, Journal Entry Maintenance,
Financial Reporting, 
Sarbanes-oxley, 
Adp Payroll System, Asset Management, Excel, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Operations, Kronos,
Oracle, Oracle Financials, Peoplesoft, Process Improvement, Quickbooks, Regulatory Compliance, Sales analysis, Sales Tax, , Staff Training,
Testing, Training, Treasury Management