FINANCE MANAGER
Professional Summary
To attain a responsible position in an organization of repute where I can utilize my accounting expertise to prepare fair and accurate financial
documents for the organization.
Core Qualifications
Well versed with Windows Operating System, Microsoft Office, Internet Operations, Oracle ERP, SAP & Tally 
Date : 
Signature :
Experience
Finance Manager
 
January 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
RICOH India Ltd is 73.6% Owned subsidiary company of Japan base RICOH Co.
Ltd.
They are basically deals with manufacturing and installing office automation equipment like multifunctional printer, copier, fax etc.
They have 14 branches and 230 dealers in all over India.
with average sales revenue 10 billion.
New Delhi/NCR 
as a Senior Finance Executive( from 20th Sept'12 to 16th Feb'15) Key Responsibility: Budgeting & forecasting as well as
critical point analysis.
IRR & NPV Calculation for project valuation Using Treasury management tools vide Fund flow, Cash Flow and change in working capital
statement.
All debtors management (Region wise) .Finalisation Of Accounts (Northern region), customer dealing.
Calculation Of dealer commission and employee commission Audit Scheduling and document preparation.
Balance Sheet and Profit & loss statement analysis for raising the short term bank loan Operating Expenses as well as Capital Expenditure
controlling.
Revenue recognisation for prepare the profit & loss, Inter branch reconciliation.
Prepare rolling Budget to set expectation from monthly operating performance.
Prepare the collection register for controlling the Debt and collection.
PPT presentation for MIS reporting.
Maintain the Assets Register and calculate the depreciation on monthly basis.
Bank Guarantee and letter of credit preparation (For foreign Remittance) and also require supervising the team for Government liaison.
Supervise the entire Finance Team (6 +4 Person) of North Region as well as corporate budgetary Team.
Kochi 
as a Branch (from 18th Feb'15) Key Responsibility: Finalisation Of Accounts (Branch), customer dealing.
Debt Management and aging analysis for the Branch Calculation Of dealer commission and employee commission Audit Scheduling and
document preparation.
Branch Operating Expenses controlling.
Revenue recognisation for prepare the profit & loss, Inter branch reconciliation.
Prepare rolling Budget to set expectation from monthly operating performance.
Prepare the collection register for controlling the Debt and collection.
PPT presentation for MIS reporting.
Maintain the Assets Register and calculate the depreciation on monthly basis.
Credit Controlling, taking care of collection as well as controlling the entire branch finance Operation.
February 2008
 
to 
September 2012
 
Company Name
Kolkata & Hyderabad | Finance Executive Erstwhile Coates of India Limited established in 1937, DIC India Limited is a subsidiary of
Japan based Dainippon Ink & Chemicals.
DIC India along with its subsidiaries sells and produces printing inks.
The products include black ink, print finish ink, offset ink, screen and liquid printing inks.
It also produces synthetic resins, polyurethane lamination adhesives, press room chemicals & rubber blankets.
A wide array of UV lacquers is marketed under the Viocure brand name.
Key Responsibilities: All debtors management (Region wise) .Finalisation Of Accounts (Eastern region), customer dealing.
Budgetary control and critical point analysis with control.
Fund flow , cash flow & working capital statement analysis.
All kinds of MIS reporting related with accounts i.e.
Liquidity Analysis, working capital consumption statement, cash flow analysis, bank reconciliation statement, monthly Liability statement,
monthly expenditure statement, monthly collection statement etc.; Prepare the monthly as well as weekly financial report.
Raising the short term bank loan for immediate funding.
Supervise the Govt liaison with various tax department.
Bill of Exchange preparation, insurance claim, fallow-up with other region for sales tax related issue and other accounting issue, Bank
Guarantee and Export documentation preparation, creditors bills processing; Service Tax, Central Excise, PF, ESI Etc.
Kolkata | Finance Officer
 
May 2006
 
to 
January 2008
 
Company Name
A leading manufacturer of flameproof equipment in the country.
This company having a joint venture with SAIT Mining of France is engaged in manufacturing of Transwitch Unit, NFLP Starter, Halogen
Bulbs widely used in Mining Sector.The company has installed vast and exhaustive range of the flameproof mining equipment in the Indian coal mines.
These range from Lighting transformers, drill panels, field switches, to boltless gate end boxes.
Over 3000 flameproof air circuit breakers are in operation on an all India basis.
Functional Role: Finalisation Of Accounts, Debtors and Creditors Management, Cash Flow Statement, Central Sales Tax as well as Vat tax
return submission, sales tax assessment, Way Bill, C form, E1 form, Provident Fund, ESI, Central Excise, Bank Guarantee, Letter Of
Credit, 
BRS 
Etc.
Kolkata | Account Assistant
 
April 2004
 
to 
April 2006
 
Company Name
A city based garments manufacturing firm.
Functional Role: Finalisation of Accounts.
Education
Bachelor of Commerce
 
: 
2004
 
Calcutta University
 
ï¼​ 
City
Accomplishments
Current Organization 
: RICOH India Limited Current Designation 
: Branch Finance Manager Current Location 
: Kochi Software Use 
:
Advance ERP Total Experience 
: 9 years Highest Qualification 
: Bachelor of Commerce [Honors] Notice Period 
: 30 Days Date of Birth 
: 2
April 1983 Phone 
: 09643890956 (NCR).
Skills
accounting, approach, balance, Balance Sheet, bank reconciliation, Banking, bookkeeping, book keeping, Budgeting, Budget, C, cash flow
analysis, Cash Flow, Cash Flow Statement, Excellent communication, Cost Analysis, Credit, documentation, ERP, fax, Finance, Financing,
financial, financial and accounting, Financial Management, financial report, forecasting, Foreign Exchange, Functional, Government, Ink, insurance,
leadership skills, Lighting, Exchange, Microsoft Office, office, Windows Operating System, MIS, Multitasking, negotiation, office automation,
Oracle, organizational skills, copier, Excellent presentation skills, press, pricing, printer, Profit, reporting, Sales, SAP, Scheduling, supervising,
switches, Tax, time management, transformers, Treasury, UV, valuation, wise