DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Executive Profile
Director of Information Technology Project Manager * Business Analyst * Technical Support Analyst Visionary and highly accomplished
Information Technology executive with success spanning 20+ years in high-performance, multi-faceted environments. 
Innovative and quality-driven
professional to oversee enterprise resource planning, data and voice networking, software development, performance analysis and other critical
business processes. 
Expertise establishing strategies and spearheading long-term initiatives to devise deploy and support IT infrastructures in
alignment with business objectives. 
Adept administrator of enterprise projects and organizational budgets.
Skill Highlights
Innovative Leadership
Change Management
Infrastructure Design
Strategic Planning
Technology Development
Collaboration and Liaison
P & L Oversight
Organizational Development
Mentoring and Coaching
Professional Experience
Director of Information Technology
 
08/2005
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manage software development and infrastructure projects.
Direct daily operations and oversee vendor relationships.
Define project requirements and aligning efforts with clients and corporate needs and assess outcomes.
Develop and see change management processes, release control, maintenance and support activities and employee training programs.
Determine needs analysis for infrastructure and software requirements.
Establish corporate policies pertaining to staff and employee usage of technology.
Provides 24 x 7 technical support, Service Level Agreements (SLA's) and root cause analysis reporting.
Directed staff of 7 IT professionals comprising of an IT Manager, Network Administrator, Programmer, 
IT Trainer and 3 Helpdesk
Analysts supporting approximately 675 employees in 18 branches within the state of Florida.
Interact with various departments in Corporate to derive pertinent information for Accounting, HR and Finance and formulate decisions
based on data derived from the firm-wide Enterprise Resource Program.
Accomplishments: Companywide system conversion to Windows 7, Office 2010 completed within 4 months.
Standardization of software applications and hardware infrastructure, allowing for better system support, faster turnaround time for system
problem resolutions Organization of departmental business which includes system inventory, software licensing and registrations.
Evaluation of IT related vendors and service agreements resulting in a $300K per year reduction in IT expenditures Implementation of a
$1.5 million ERP system, allowing for standardization of business processes with the financials, human resources, project management and
purchasing department.
Design and installation of an IP hybrid telecom system, standardizing the company's phone system and allowing for free inter-office
communication, with a yearly savings of $160K in telecom expenses.
Manager of Information
 
02/2003
 
to 
07/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided leadership in the firm's information technology department in the direction, planning and implementation of technology leading to
the support and alignment of the Firm's business operation to achieve an effective, cost-beneficial and secure IT operations for over 350
users.
Provided strategic and tactical planning, development, evaluation, and coordination of the IT Department.
Oversee the integrity of all electronic records including information related to information security and data recovery processes.
Facilitated communication between staff, management, vendors and other technology resources within the organization.
Directed supervision of 6 IT staff including a Network Administrator, 2 IT trainers and 3 Helpdesk Analyst.
Ensured that all users are properly trained for secure and effective use of the systems.
Accomplishments:.
Developed system policies addressing areas of risk and formulating a protocol for an effective change management.
Spearheaded conversion of phone system to IP telephony resulting to a 30% decrease in spending for telecommunication infrastructure.
Coordinated conversion of legacy servers and virtualization of servers, increasing operations efficiency and reducing downtime.
Migrated several of the Firm's legacy application and reducing the applications supported leading to a standardized utilization of software.
Senior Systems Analyst/Project Manager
 
07/1998
 
to 
01/2003
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for planning and implementation of IT projects while managing and coordinating IT resources.
Managed relationships with vendors and suppliers to ensure routine maintenance and that any possible problems are detected before they
occur.
Evaluated hardware and software acquisition to ensure compatibility and alignment with the Firm's objectives.Ensured all systems are properly updated and evaluated for routine maintenance.
Assessed network and e-mail security to ensure network integrity.
Responsible for the standardization and migration of Windows 98 Operating System to a Windows XP environment, Wordperfect to MS
Office suite and consolidation of networked workstations and printers.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Industrial Psychology
 
1985
 
University of Santo Tomas - Manila Philippines
 
Industrial Psychology
Associates Degree
 
: 
Computer Science
 
1995
 
Baruch College
 
City
 
Computer Science
Cisco Certified Engineer
 
1997
 
Dersyha University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Selected Professional Development and Seminars Team Leadership * Managing
conflict * Effect Supervision of employees
Managing People & Change * Effective Project Management * IP Telephony in the business environment * ERP system implementation
techniques * Effective network and infrastructure design Coping with changes in technology
Skills
Accounting, Analyst, business processes, Change Management, Cisco Certified, Coaching, hardware, conversion, clients, direction, e-mail,
employee training, Engineer, ERP, Finance, financials, human resources, HR, information security, information technology, inventory, IP,
Leadership, Team Leadership, Managing People, Managing, Mentoring, MS Office suite, Office, Windows 7, Windows 98, Windows XP,
migration, needs analysis, Enterprise, Network Administrator, network, Operating System, Organizational Development, phone system, policies,
printers, processes, Programmer, Project Management, purchasing, reporting, Seminars, servers, Service Level Agreements, SLA, software
development, strategic, Strategic Planning, Supervision, technical support, telecom, telecommunication, Telephony, Trainer, Wordperfect