DIRECTOR OF HR
Executive Profile
Ambitious Human Resources Generalist who creates strategic alliances with organization leaders to effectively align with and support key business
initiatives. Builds and retains high performance teams by hiring, developing and motivating skilled professionals.
Skill Highlights
Customer-oriented
Professional Experience
Director of HR
 
January 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Directly report to the CEO and VP of a 65-year old real estate property management company.
Accountable for the day-to-day operations functions of: HR, administration and technology with direct supervision of two staff members.
As an active member of the leadership team, accomplishments include: Create employee handbook and designed comprehensive annual
employee survey.
Research, analyze and select annual company health benefits.
Implemented and trained employees on new payroll system.
Additionally, designed and established training program for maintenance employees.
Conduct full-cycle recruitment and on-boarding program.
Developed Wellness Program and established preventative health initiatives to reduce healthcare annual premiums.
Create annual employee bonus program aligned with company goals and objectives.
Day-to-day project management and overall responsibility of office construction build-out and office move.
Selected general contractor, determined vendors, interacted with architects and negotiated contracts.
Vice President and Director of Human Resources and Administration
 
January 2006
 
to 
January 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Reported directly to the Founder/CEO of this fast-growing, start-up Healthcare/IT Company established in 2000.
As a proven strategic business partner, was instrumental in growing the company from 45 employees located in eight (8) states to 215
employees located in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
As the sole HR practitioner until 2011, responsible for all areas of human resources and administration progressing rapidly through a series
of promotions from HR/Office Manager in 2006, to Director of HR/Administration in 2008, to VP/HR & Administration in 2010.
As an active member of the senior leadership team, designed, developed and implemented company-wide initiatives.
Accomplishments included: Demonstrated talent acquisition and management.
Quickly built rapport, gained the trust and respect of management while successfully coaching and mentoring all employees on a wide variety
of employee relations issues.
Over 45% of employee base has been with the company longer than four (4) years.
unusual in a start-up environment.
Created and developed monthly two-day on-boarding program reducing employee turnover from 28% to under10% annually.
Created and deployed annual employee and cultural surveys.
Delivered workforce analytics to the senior management and developed company-wide initiatives based upon results.
GetWellNetwork was chosen as a Winner of the 2012 Northern VA Technology Council (NVTC) Hot Ticket Awards category, "Hottest
Company Culture." Developed and upheld organizational policies and procedures relating to operational and human resources activities with
the creation of the on-line employee handbook, as well as created employee awards, bonus and stock option grant programs leading to
95+% in employee satisfaction with company culture, overall 
job satisfaction and employee engagement for the past 5 years.
Project lead and manager for the selection, implementation and training of custom payroll and leave tracking system, as well as the
recruitment and performance management software programs resulting in a substantial reduction in time and resources.
Created the original, "GetWellNetwork University", a day-and-half corporate university training program for Account Managers.
Demonstrated project management experience in office space planning and office construction build-out.
Negotiated vendor contracts, office and equipment leases.
Business Manager
 
January 2001
 
to 
January 2006
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
A management level role with overall responsibility of office operations for a 21-person law firm.
Day-to- day responsibilities included all aspects of Human Resources, Finance, Administration and IT.
Human Resources activities consisted of: employee relations, compensation, benefits administration, payroll processing, and recruitment.
Financially, analyzed and produced annual and monthly management reports, as well as monthly financial statements, journal and general
ledger entries and client invoices.
Additionally, managed accounts receivable and accounts payable transactions, reconciled petty cash, cash receipts and bank statements.
Administration activities included: vendor contract, office and equipment lease negotiations, the purchase of office and legal supplies,
coordinated facilities and equipment maintenance and various vendor selections.
Accomplishments include: Project manager for the conversation and implementation of new computer system, software and equipment from
Novell to Windows platform.Train employees.
Project manager for the selection and implementation of new telephone system.
Created company/employee handbook.
Vice President/Business Manager
 
January 1988
 
to 
January 2001
 
Company Name
Worked daily side-by-side and reported to the Director of the DC office.
Effectively administered 
and grew office talent from 18 to over 120 employees as well as, annual income growth from $1.3M to $37M and
an annual payroll and benefits budget of over $12M.
Supervised 14 human resources, finance, IT and administration professionals.
Accomplishments included: Accomplished day-to-day management and responsibility of office relocation including: market survey, selection
of consultants, management of $1.9M project, build-out of over 44,000 sq.
ft.
of space and office move.
Completed project on time and on budget.
Developed, implemented and administered "The Ketchum Washington Tool Kit" - Employee handbook developed to standardize office
procedures.
Results were an increase in profits and improved productivity.
Forecasted annual and quarterly budgets for all income statement line-items, which included: estimation of client income, salary and benefits,
prediction of staff growth, space requirements, equipment needs, and anticipation of turnover of clients and staff.
Presented financial plans to corporate headquarters in NY.
Negotiated and produced: client, vendor and government contracts.
Analyzed and prepared all weekly, monthly and year-to-date financial statements.
Produced government billing statements.
Developed and conducted new employee orientation program.
Instituted and chaired "Quality of Life" employee welfare program to improve morale and reduce turnover.
Created and implemented Reward and Recognition Program, to enable group managers to recognize and reward more employees, thus
improve morale, reduce turnover, increase office productivity, and promote teamwork.
Education
BS
 
: 
Human Resources Management Business Administration
 
Human Resources Management Business Administration
Professional Affiliations
Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) 
Member Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) 
Member Montgomery County,
MD SHRM Chapter Notary Public for the State of Maryland
Skills
accounts payable, accounts receivable, benefits, benefits administration, billing, budgets, budget, coaching, contracts, Council, client, clients, DC,
employee relations, senior management, fast, Finance, financial, financial statements, general ledger, government, Human Resources, HR,
leadership, law, legal, Director, market, mentoring, office, Windows platform, 2000, negotiations, Novell, office and equipment, Office Manager,
organizational, payroll, payroll processing, performance management, policies, Project lead, project management, property management, Quality,
rapport, real estate, recruitment, Research, space planning, strategic, supervision, teamwork, telephone