INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Professional Profile
Quality-driven and practical Systems Administrator with [Number] years aligning business systems with business policies and guidelines. Looking
to bring strong analytical and problem-solving skills to an industry-leading software company.
Qualifications
CompTIA Security + CE SY0-401
Certified
Refined system debugging and
diagnostic skills
Excellent analytical, interpersonal,
communication and organizational skills
System administration
UNIX system performance monitoring
Team player and self-starter with the
ability to operate without detailed work
direction
Working knowledge of application servers, J2EE, Oracle, Unix O/S, Linux, LDAP,
Database, Service Oriented Architecture and physical architectures, Mainframe, Remedy,
Virtual Machine
High proficiency level in MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook)
Relevant Experience
Automated repeatable tasks where possible to increase efficiency.Consistently received a 100% rate of customer satisfaction.Performed root
cause analysis to identify system errors and improve accuracy by 15%.Awarded with the Tech of the quarter for contributions to mission.
Experience
Information Technology Specialist
 
Sep 2013
 
to 
Dec 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
5 years of experience in the maintenance and troubleshooting of complex infrastructure.
Provide Help Desk Services first level of troubleshooting to all customers on multiple systems.
Use internally developed maintenance provider plans, procedures and tools to identify, troubleshoot, and diagnose failures and restore
system capability to operations.
Analyze, diagnose and isolate failures to hardware Line-Replaceable units (LRU).
Directly replace or coordinate replacement of failed hardware LRU's with the maintenance provider or the vendor.
Collect data describing the environment at the time of the failure to provide root cause analysis is necessary or escalation to the engineering
point-of-contact.
Provide required support of engineer maintenance provider Discrepancy Report (DR) investigations and resolution efforts if necessary.
Perform network management services to include: Monitoring networks device health and status, monitoring of network performance and
utilization optimization (tuning) tasks.
Perform operating system monitoring, Commercial off the Shelf (COTS) software monitoring, custom software monitoring, resource
memory allocation; modifications to authorized user lists and user profiles; file system maintenance to include (deletion of log files no longer
needed and monitoring of storage space, ensuring backups have completed appropriately, awareness that appropriate system processes are
up and running at all times).
Support software promotes by performing system reboots, monthly and daily preventive maintenance, process bounces per documentation.
Provide accurate and timely documentation of system problems and request in shift turnover log and assign units tickets in accordance unit
policy.
Analyzed customer and stakeholder needs, generated requirements, perform functional analysis and implemented Requirements
Management Plans.
Made recommendations to improve technical practices.Collected, analyzed, and reported program metrics, including product technical
performance measures and key performance parameters.
Systems Engineer
 
May 2010
 
to 
Sep 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Obtained all mission related certification required for the application services provider, within the 24x7 technical support tier.
Trained current and new team members on existing and new application services procedure and Commercial off the Shelf 
(COTS)
software.
Performed system health analysis to identify, analyze, collect preliminary data, and recommend effective solution to anomalies.
Coordinated and conducted low-level system testing, problem analysis for servers, desktops and IT infrastructure work.
Analyzed all levels of total system product to include; concept, design, fabrication, test installation, operation, maintenance and disposal.
Performed technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, supportability and effective analysis for multiple systems.
Performed functional analysis, timeline analysis, detail trade studies, requirements allocation and interface definition studies to translate
customer requirements into hardware and software policies.
Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements are met.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.
Diagnosed UNIX and Windows processing problems and execute appropriate solutions.Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance.
Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.
Implemented company/customer policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and
access.
Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
Monitored network performance and provide network performance statistical reports for both real-time and historical measurements.
Managed network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site.
Recommend architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.
Systems Engineer Associate
 
Feb 2009
 
to 
May 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Coordinated all NEAS weekly brown-bag seminar for the VA-95 Technical Resource Center.
Formatted and delivered training specific to the intended party and purpose for company standards.
Updated, composed and created content in electronic format assuring accuracy and proper display for the VA-95 TRC Technical Library.
Served as Windows Subject Matter Expert (SME) to research, create procedures and recommended COTS product to enable Closed
Caption video content for support of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC).
Reviewed, and routed resumes to appropriate Managers as an Account Representative on the Resource Planning Team (RPT).
Maintain a spreadsheet of employees with key contact information, skills, and resumes.
Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.
Researched and recommended new sources for candidate recruiting.
Reviewed human resource paperwork for accuracy and completeness by verifying, collecting and correcting additional data.
Education
Bachelors of Science
 
, 
Computer Engineering Technology
 
Spring 2008
 
Prairie View A&M University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.048/4.0
Computer Engineering Technology GPA: 3.048/4.0
Personal Information
Active 
TS/SCI w Poly (last update, 05/2010)
Additional Information
Security Clearance: 
Active 
TS/SCI w Poly (last update, 05/2010)
Ability to adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the goals of the organization
TAC/ABET accredited , Dean's List 2005-2007, Honor Roll 2006-2007
Engineering Technology Association; Vice President 2005-2007
Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society; Vice President 2007-2008
Skills
interpersonal, hardware, concept, content, clients, customer satisfaction, Database, debugging, desktops, direction, documentation, engineer,
functional, Help Desk, human resource, J2EE, LDAP, Linux, Mainframe, memory, access, Excel, MS Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Windows,
Word, network management, network, networks, operating system, optimization, Oracle, organizational skills, policies, problem analysis,
processes, real-time, research, self-starter, servers, spreadsheet, system integration, Team player, technical support, troubleshoot, troubleshooting,
UNIX, validation, video, web applications