SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Senior Accounting Professional with extensive experience in various areas of accounting and finance.Â  Visionary with strategic analytical skills.Â 
Practical, articulate and creative with proven ability to positively impact an organization's financial health.Â  Proven ability to resolve conflict,
improve processes, and is Lean Six Sigma certified.Â  An expert negotiator with a continuous focus on ROI. Â Able to consistently meet
challenges in a demanding work environment to achieve and exceed organizational goals.Results-orientated in a deadline-driven environment.Â 
Performance improvement and excellent vendor relations and customer service skills.Â  Conceptual and exceptional multitasking abilities.Â 
Expertise includes:
Highlights
Cost control
Month-end reconciliation and analysis
Budgeting and forecasting
Financial statements reporting
Analytical and critical thinker
Self-starter
Superior research and investigation aptitude
Internal and external auditing
Experience
11/2009
 
- 
01/2016
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Accountant
One of the largest national providers of emergency and hospital medicine contract management services with an annual revenue of $350 million.
HPP serves and supports hospital clients in more than 20 states and physicians across the country.
 
Managed Subsidy Revenue and A/R process
associated with over 70 contracts totaling $53 million in revenue.
 
The process involved monthly closings, preparation of journal entries, accounts
reconciliations
 
and analysis.
 
Preparation of monthly invoices, audit lead- schedules, 
budgeting
 
and forecasting revenue, collections and expense
control activities.Â 
 
Accruals, contract reviews. 
Quality measure benchmarks.
Awarded employee of the quarter for reducing Company's outstanding A/R by 70% in 30 days.
Increased Revenue by 20% by implementing an in-depth auditing process which maximized revenue recognition.
Prevented negative impact on the bottom line by negotiating payment plans and settlements with clients who were experiencing financial
difficulties minimizing risk exposure.
Analyzed, identified and resolved issues affecting revenue.
Coordinated and communicated with internal departments to ensure their understanding of revenue streams keeping revenue on target.
Increased revenue significantly by recognizing established performance metrics that exceeded organizations expectations, improving the
overall bottom line.
Conducted monthly meetings with Executives and Legal to ensure accurate revenue recognition compliance, discussed fluctuations and
made appropriate suggestions minimizing risk.
Developed action plan for Divisional Presidents by creating a detailed report for implementation, to improve performance metrics Increased
monthly cash flow generating financial savings by building relationships with clients gaining ongoing trust and credibility at all levels.
Streamlined billing activities improving efficiency in the A/R process resulting in less outstanding account balances and less bad debt write-
offs leading to significant financial gain.
02/2006
 
- 
11/2009
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Accountant
A health care organization with an annual revenue of over $5 million specializing in drug and alcohol rehabilitation with a primary focus on
substance abuse.
01/2006
 
- 
01/2009
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior 
Accountant
A health care organization that operated a contract with the State of Florida Department of Juvenile Justice to provide psychiatric and other
behavioral health services principally to at-risk troubled female youth.
Maintained the day-to-day financial activities of the Company including payroll, accounts receivable, Accounts payable, month end closings.
Financial statements reconciliations.
Preparation of financial statements, general ledger, account analysis and reconciliation, journal entries, and performed variance analysis.
Cost containment and cash management of the facility.
Worked in collaboration with the corporate office to ensure accuracy and integrity of financial information.
Earned reputation for positive work ethic, dedication, and flexibility; retained throughout organizational restructure consisting of twmergers/
acquisitions within a ten month period.
Directed team and played a key role in pre-acquisition due diligence/assessment effort that was crucial to successful merger.
Played significant role in developing company-wide consolidation plan to reduce operating expenses.
01/2001
 
- 
01/2006
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Controller
Prepared financial statements, general ledger, account analysis and reconciliation, journal entries, and performed variance analysis.
Cost containment and cash management of Facility.Compiled periodic financial reporting packages.
External audits to ensure regulatory compliance and operational efficiency/accuracy.
Worked in collaboration with CFO to ensure accuracy and integrity of financial information.
Merger-due diligence.
Supervised A/R team of 3.
Managed and maintained all HR records.
licensing of facility, scheduled and conducted new hire orientation and employee training sessions.
Ensured compliance of the HR function to federal and state laws and regulations, guaranteed WORKPLACE SAFETY STANDARDS
ARE MET AND MAINTAINED, assured employee adherence to all policies and procedures managed employee rEWARDS, AND
RECOGNITION PROGRAMS handled employee relations matters with tact and sensitivity.
Part of successful corporate acquisition transition to Horizon Health.
Increased company's bottom line and significantly reduced supply cost by reducing the number of vendors and negotiated a lower cost for
products.
Saved company $20,000 in the first year by reducing outside collection agencies fees by keeping function in-house.
Reduced unearned employee compensation by implementing and maintaining automated timekeeping system that recorded daily attendances
absences & vacation records.
Improved efficiency by implementing and training employees on new timekeeping system, which resulted in better time management and
reduction of payroll errors and processing time.
Implemented on- site training for employees which decreased absenteeism and turnovers, and saved the organization significant training and
travel cost.
Strengthened employee/manager relationships increasing productivity by 20%.
Reconstructed and organized HR department into an effectively functioning unit.
Education
MERCY COLLEGE
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Accounting
 
Accounting
Skills
Microsoft Word/Excel Â  Â  Â  Â 
Great Plains Dynamics
BI360 (BusinessIntelligence Tool) Â  Â  Â  Â 
Keane Care