MEDICAL SUPPORT ASSISTANT
Professional Summary
Detail-oriented and disciplined team player seeking a new role in a Supervisor position. Has 15+ years of experience in Military Healthcare to
include 8+ years in Management. 
Result-oriented personnel with specialized training and significant hands-on practical experience in a hospital
setting. Proven ability to manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously, proactively resolve issues, and excel in fast-paced high-pressure settings.
Key Qualifications Secret Security Clearance Clinical Management Leadership Communication Skills Operations Personnel Supervision/Training
Team Building Networking Accountability Data Reporting Tracking/Analysis Critical Thinking Patient/Physician Relations Budgeting Record
Maintenance Data Administration Time Management Risk Management
Education and Training
September 2016
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Health Care Administration
 
Kaplan University
 
Health Care Administration
May 2015
Associate of Science
 
: 
Health Science
 
Kaplan University
 
Health Science
November 2014
Emergency Medical Technician - Basic 
National Registry of Emergency Medical Technician
Professional Experience
07/2015
 
to 
Current
Medical Support Assistant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
In charge of processing inpatient and outpatient specialty consults and referrals through Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS);
along with processing authorizations through Fee Basis Claims System (FBCS) and scheduling Veterans through VISTA Appointment
Manager.
Pulls reports daily of specialty consults, sorting consults on spreadsheet to ensure proper data tracking, appointment tracking, and making
follow-ups.
Works closely with Non-VA Care Coordinator Nurse and Veteran Affairs staff to ensure the fast and accurate coordination of care
between the facilities of VA Medical Center and Non-VA Care providers.
Responsible for assisting patients, providers, and Non-VA facilities with referrals and setting up appointments.
Generates authorizations for Veteran services ensuring proper ICD-10, CPT, and DRG codes are being use as well as allocating
appropriate funds for services Works with CBO and Health Administration Services to perform monthly audits on authorizations to ensure
correct codes, data, and funding are being used.
Ensures Veterans are eligible and have opted into the Veteran's Choice-First program and uploads appropriate data information and
medical documentation into Healthnet.
Communicates with Veterans, family members, providers, and Non-VA facilities in a professional, courteous, tactful and helpful manner.
Researches and follow-up on complaints or inquiries from providers, Non-VA facilities, and Veterans; Assists with the coordination to
resolve any issue.
11/2005
 
to 
06/2015
Healthcare Clinical Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised over 40 personnel in a medical clinic and was dependable for their training, safety, welfare, and professional development;
determine personnel requirement; conduct training programs.
Developed new standard operating procedures for the medical clinic and ensured all personnel were trained and qualified on all procedures,
resulting in excellent care of patients.
Deployed a new way of tracking and ordering medications and medical supplies, improving the effectiveness of the medical supply
department.
Monitored, managed, and controlled the budget for the ordering and restocking of medical supplies.
Assisted with technical and administrative management of medical treatment facilities under the supervision of a Physician and/or Physician's
Assistant; enforced proper processing of clinic charge documents; ensured the timeliness and accuracy of all submitted information.
Coordinated the day-to-day operations of medical clinic with higher echelons of Medical Treatment Facilities; demonstrated support for
clinic, divisional and medical center policies.
Coordinated communication between patient and internal and external providers; addressed patients and clinicians concerns, documented
patients' encounters regarding clinical issues on appropriate forms, and provided clinical and administrative information to physicians when
needed.
Enforce strict maintenance and accountability of 10 Field Litter Ambulances and six Medical Sets worth over $700,000.
08/2002
 
to 
11/2005
HealthCare Specialist Team Leader
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Directed services, taught and trained medical technicians, and performed as a Team Leader for 6 personnel.
Worked with foreign nationals to develop and maintain a field medical clinic in rural areas to provide medical assistance for those unable to
obtain care.
Maintained accountability and serviceability for organizational equipment including six evacuation vehicles, communication equipment.
Provided Emergency medical treatment, limited primary care, force health protection and evacuation in a variety of operational and clinical
settings from point of injury or illness through the levels of military healthcare.
AccomplishmentsBasic Leadership Course, 218th Regiment (Leadership), Fort Jackson, SC * Advance Leadership Course, AC&S, Fort Sam Houston, TX
* Army Field Sanitation Course, Fort Bragg, NC * Medical Terminology * First Aid Instructor * Sexual Harassment Assault Response
Prevention Program and Equal Opportunity Programs.
Skills
administrative, Basic, budget, CPT, dependable, documentation, fast, forms, funds, ICD-10, Team Leader, medical assistance, Works,
organizational, assisting patients, personnel, policies, primary care, requirement, safety, scheduling, sorting, spreadsheet, supervision, Technician,
training programs, VISTA