Rachael Lobdell
Summary
. Compassionate 
Senior Outreach Advocate 
with 13 + years of experience working in public and private agencies to upgrade health and dignity
within vulnerable populations. Creativeand adaptable leader dedicated to doing whatever necessary to meet client needs, including customizing
established programs. Self-motivated and deeply engaged with client and supporter communities.
Skills
Confidential data protection
Data entry
Scheduling clients for evaluations for Managed Long Term Care
Intake and Submission of Medicaid applications for clients
Intake and submission of Pool Trust for Long Term Care clients
Excellent Communication skills
Excellent Typing skills
Catering and Party planning
Activity planning
20 years experience working with Seniors and Disabled and advocating for there needs
Client interaction
Reliable and trustworthy
Patient interviewing skills
Telephone etiquette
Application assessment
Friendly, positive attitude
Decision-making
Team management
Recordkeeping and data input
Program understanding and advisement
Data management
Online research
Data collection
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Healthcare Senior Outreach Specialist
 
04/2014
 
to 
Current
Traveled throughout service area to educate community, met with people interested in receiving services and represented agency before
wide range of professional constituencies.
Counseled prospective applicants on admissions process and opportunities by explaining documentation and timeframes.
Promoted integration of services for clients, including behavioral health care and long term services to enhance continuity of care.
Assisted customers by phone, including scheduling appointments and treatments.
Explained eligibility details and affordability options to patients with kindness and respect.
Analyzed information from interviews, educational, and medical records, consultation with other professionals, and diagnostic evaluations to
assess clients' abilities, needs, and eligibility for services.
Conversed with people from different cultures daily, providing high level of respect and patience with each interaction.
Processed benefits applications, including documents for food stamps and medical assistance.
Conducted interviews with applicants, explaining benefits process and which programs were available.
Collected necessary data to complete and submit Medicaid applications and Pool Trust.
Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
Analyzed accuracy and completeness of patient documents such as insurance claims, medical bills and legal paperwork.
Helped patients understand care, coverage and payment responsibilities and rights.
Provided knowledgeable and compassionate service in response to all types of patient questions and concerns.
Gathered and analyzed patient information to determine special program eligibility.
Demonstrated leadership by making improvements to work processes and helping to train others.
Performed site evaluations, customer surveys and team audits.
Kept team on track by assigning and supervising their activities and giving constructive feedback.
Helped clients stay happy and healthy by providing mental and emotional support.
Improved patient outlook and daily living through compassionate care.
Organized games and other activities to engage clients and offer mental stimulation.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Administrator
 
08/2008
 
to 
04/2014
Developed and implemented policies and procedures for 
Licensed Home care Agency
Audited Patient Charts
Hired Employees
Met with Physicians and State workers on a Quarterly basis For QA meetings.
Organized activities to reward employees and motivate performance improvements.
Facilitated communication between departments, management and customers to resolve issues and achieve performance targets.
Handled all billing and payroll for clients and employees
Scheduled Home Health Aides to Patients
Established successful program by creating master schedules and overseeing staff professional development.
Grew revenue by developing key programs focused on promoting business.
Medicaid billing
Medicaid Exemption code Experience
Meeting with clients and families to Identify their needs and goals.
Assisted with development of regulatory compliance systems.
Planned, coordinated and controlled daily operations of sales, financial management and human resources.
Maintained work safety and followed established operating procedures and practices.Education and Training
High School Diploma
 
06/1985
 
Northville High
 
, 
City
Some College (No Degree)
 
:
 
Business Administration
 
FMCC
 
, 
City