EP
HIGH SCHOOL ENGLISH AND LANGUAGE ARTS TEACHER
Professional Summary
Licensed English Teacher and K-12 School Administrator experienced in designing and implementing programs and developing curriculum to help
students achieve academic goals and prepare for career interests. Skilled in creating flexible programming and specialized learning experiences that
embody mission, vision and strategic direction of educational institution.
Skills
Student records management
Differentiated instruction
Classroom management
Group and individual instruction
Conflict resolution techniques
Lesson Planning
Analytical skills
Flexible & Adaptable
Supervision
Interpersonal Communication
Work History
08/2018
 
to 
Current
 
High School English and Language Arts Teacher
 
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
Continually improve instruction to ensure academic growth.
Collaborate with faculty and community members to improve education and provide opportunities for students.
Record and monitor student progress using multiple methods.
Effectively communicate with administration, parents, and students about student achievement.
Collaboration with a mentor teacher.
Prepare and implement lesson plans covering required course topics.
Administer assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.
Built learning and citizenship skills to help with personal growth in addition to increasing academic knowledge.
Plan dynamic lessons to increase student comprehension of books and literary concepts.
Adapt lesson plans and curricula to student interests, increasing GPAs and student engagement.
Complete in-service and additional training to maintain professional growth.
Consult with teachers to identify and adopt successful instructional strategies.
Establish appropriate deadlines and provide complete instructions for reading assignments and homework.
Work with administrators on behavioral issues to support the needs of all students.
Cultivate relationships with parents for a complete support network.
Help students develop important learning skills and good study habits useful in trade school or college education.
Keep classroom organized, clean, and safe for all students and visitors.
Plan coursework to introduce students to important literature.
Prepare comprehensive English curriculum for multiple classes.
Lead interesting and diverse group activities to engage students in the course material.
Utilize multimedia strategies and technology to convey information in fresh and interesting ways.
01/2018
 
to 
06/2018
 
School Culture Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
Supported the establishment of positive and safe school culture.
Oversaw the development and implementation of student supports and interventions.
Built and maintained positive work relationships with community-based organizations and service providers.
Conducted home visits in shelters, transitional housing programs, or a location of a family's choosing, as needed.
Supported the coordination and implementation of a proactive school-wide behavior management system with meaningful incentives.
Played an active role in coordinating school partnerships to increase student engagement and success.
Organized school events and town hall meetings that encourage community connection and investment in the school culture.
Served as a liaison to families and facilitate parent education in support of school culture policies.
Facilitated staff training on student-teacher relationships, classroom management, and school culture.
Gathered student and staff input through focus groups and committee work.
Was a member of the Social-Emotional Learning Subcommittee for PPSD.
Accurately monitored and analyzed daily student attendance and discipline records.
Worked close with Middle School Deans of Students to strategically build strong communication, systems, and structures that will enhance
the school improvement plan.
Restorative Justice Circle Facilitator at Gilbert Stuart Middle School.
Integrated new programs and resources and reinvigorated existing ones to support positive school culture.
Led and directed staff meetings to update cultural diversity plans and review statistical information regarding minority experiences and
performance within school system.
Collaborated with school leadership team to create and manage safe, welcoming learning environment for all students.
Researched and implemented new initiatives to further develop school culture.
09/2013
 
to 
01/2018
 
Education Advisor
 
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
StateDeveloped relationships with GEAR UP students, guide them in academic decisions, social development, and career exploration.
Formed and maintained professional relationships with GEAR UP students, school administrators, community agencies, and other service
providers.
Provided workshops on college/career awareness and life skills.
Supported and assisted with all academic, cultural, and parental program activities.
Assisted with the collection of all required forms.
Prepared monthly and quarterly reports.
Coordinated field trips and school events weekly.
Helped high school students with the common app and financial aid/award letters.
Participated in professional development and program meetings.
Office hours were available onsite where students were welcomed to come in and discuss how to improve their grades.
Helped students by providing targeted interventions based on student data.
Academic interventions year-round.
Assigned lunch duty by administration weekly.
Participated in weekly cluster meetings with grade-level teachers.
Provided extra academic support and guidance.
Made weekly phone calls to families to set up in-school meetings with grade-level cluster teams.
Met with low-level learners to set up individualized in-school action plans for student progress based on state standards and learning goals.
Worked with school social worker to help identify how to service student's specific academic and emotional needs.
Was a member of the School Climate Team.
Helped teachers and administration as needed with translating.
Facilitated classroom workshops to help students make good academic decisions and have a growth mindset.
Hosted STEM after-school club called Girls Who Code and took participating students on STEM-related field trips throughout the
academic year.
Improved school attendance through interventions and school initiates.
Worked with students with 504 plans and students with IEP's
Attended IEP meetings with parents and special education teachers.
Advised and counseled parents and students to meet educational needs and enhance academic development.
Developed educational plans with students to build skills required to pursue academic and career interests.
Maintained frequent and regular communications with families through newsletters, social media and parent-teacher conferences.
Established professional and cooperative working relationships by maintaining visible and accessible presence in school community.
Chaperoned outside events and field trips to facilitate student social development.
08/2011
 
to 
09/2013
 
Academic Advisor
 
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
Developed relationships with students, guide them in academic decisions & social development, career exploration, and help students get
ready for college.
Developed good relationships with parents and attend a minimum of 4 home visits a month.
Served as a positive role model for children.
Hosted after-school programs and taught students life skills, financial literacy, and college readiness skills.
Attended academic field trips with students to enhance their knowledge on different career choices and college.
Worked with students with 504 plans and students with IEP's.
Attended IEP meetings with parents and special education teachers.
Completion of the grant-funded program grants children scholarship money for college.
Met deadlines weekly.
Tracked and recorded data based on every student in the program.
Attend extracurricular activities with students and staff from the middle school department.
Conducted academic advisement services for students on reoccurring basis to maintain educational progression.
Provided comprehensive support services encompassing career and personal goals of student.
Education
05/2017
 
M.Ed
 
| 
Education Administration
 
Providence College
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Graduate Courses:
· School Law
· Program Evaluation- System Approach to School Improvement
· School-Community Relations
· Supervision of Instruction
· School Finance
· The Administration of Leadership in the K-12 Schools· Curriculum Design and Construction
· Fundamentals of Research
· Supervision/Personnel Problems in Education
· Data Analysis, Technology
08/2014
 
Teacher Certification Program (TCP)
 
| 
Teacher Prep Program
 
Providence College
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
05/2011
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
| 
Political Science
 
University Of Rhode Island
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Minored in African American Studies and Woman Studies
Accomplishments
Recipient of the Francis and Mildred Sullivan & Rose A. Coccia Scholarship Fund.
The annual distribution for the
 
Francis and Mildred Sullivan and the Rose A. Coccia Scholarship Fund 
are used to provide
scholarship grants to deserving students who are enrolled in a Providence College Masters of Education degree program.
Presented at the MEOA conference on 
DREAMing of a Better Future: Helping Undocumented Students access Higher
Education, 
Oct 2014
Certifications
Washington D.C BUILDING LEVEL ADMINISTRATOR CERTIFICATE (12001) Pre-Kindergarten-Grade12
Maryland New Teacher Certification valid for 4 years 2018-2022
Affiliations
Massachusetts Educational Opportunity Association (MEOA) Board Member since 2014 -Founded in 1984, the Massachusetts
Educational Opportunity Association (MEOA) is a 501(c)