ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Accountant/Business Consultant Objectives; Dynamic, creative and proactive Accountant seeking a long-term opportunity within the business
community, where my professional, experience, education, and abilities would be advantageous to the growth of my employer and my self. Profile
Summary *ACCA 
Finalist *Qualified Diploma in Accountancy with 10 years Financial Accounting, Public Finance and Financial Management
experience
Skills
Financial 
Management
Financial Performance assessment
Financial Planning
Accounting
Compliance/Auditing/Assurance
Cash Management
Budgeting
Financial Reporting
Cash Flow Statements
Business consultant/Advisor
Business Management
Accomplishments
High Integrity.
Good sense of customer care.
Good judgment and decision-making skills 
ACHIVEMENTS.
Best Cashier in Barclays Bank Zambia Limited in 2002.
Best Back Office Clerk in Barclays Bank Zambia Limited in 2003 REFEREES 
1.
Anna 
Mwinga 
Corporate Affairs and Human Resources Manager 
National Milling Company 
P.O Box 31980 
Lusaka 
Tel: 
211 221149
Cell: 0977 757437 
2.
Moses Simpokolwe 
Human Resources and Administrative Officer 
National Science and Technology Council.
Experience
09/2005
 
to 
Current
Assistant Accountant
 
Company Name
Government of the 
Republic of Zambia.
Reporting to the Accountant.
Functions include:.
Closing of monthly accounts and preparing financial statements for submission to the council (Board of Directors).
Scrutinizing source documents for completeness, accuracy 
and validity.
Extracting details of expenditure, assets and liability from accounting system in order to analyze and verify accuracy and validity.
Preparing worksheets and assisting with the preparations of financial statements.
Monitoring of expenditure and ensure they remain within authorized levels.
Examining the validity of requests for increase in imprest levels.
Preparing disbursement vouchers to replenish imprest.
Auditing various accounting transactions, e.g payroll, education grants payments, travel claim, to ensure correctness of disbursements and
adherence to relevant staff rules, financial regulations, administrative instructions and practices.
Process payments to vendors for goods and services, including calculating, imputing and checking payments for correctness and
communicating any discrepancies to supervisors.
Computing staff entitlements and processing payments to staff members regarding their entitlements, including salaries, claims, allowances
and monthly subsistence allowances.
Reconciling bank statements for both local and foreign currencies by comparing transactions recorded on bank statements with accounting
reports of the council clarifying any interpreting variances that may arise.
Serving as approving officer for disbursements up to an authorized level.
Providing guidance and training to colleagues as required.
Verifying staff loans and advances.
Preparing memorandum to various offices and sectors.
Determine and verify salary data and generate reports.
Certify, validate and update the payroll.
Calculating end of contract gratuity and end of service benefits and payment of these benefits.
Responding to queries from staff members and internal auditors.
Monitoring and reviewing methods utilized to remit payments.
Supervising investigations of non- receipt of payments.
Assisting cashier in the daily operation of the cashier's unit responsible for the transfer of payments from the Ministry of Science and
Vocational Training.
Reviewing incoming payments instructions with regards to banking details and sources of funds.Prepare payments for final disbursement by the cashier.
Dispatching payment instructions and cheques to banks.
Creating receipts of deposits for all incoming funds.
Assisting staff members with queries on payments of deposit - related issues.
Assisting cashier in cash management.
Conduct regular cash counts of all petty cash funds held at the Council.
Monitor and analyze all transactions for entry into the accounting system.
Investigating complaints of non-receipts.
Monitoring cheque stock and ordering new as required.
Filling and archiving documentation as required.
Keeping up to date on documents/reports/guidelines that have bearing on matters related to programmes.
Ensuring compliance with Internal and External auditors' recommendations and also with Government policies and procedures.
Preparing correspondence to respond to enquires in respect of budget matters.
Work frequent interaction with unit supervisors, administrative officer and staff, including personnel from Government Ministries.
Maintaining fixed asset register for council using Sage Pastel Evolution.
Provide regular and ad hoc budget and financial information to the sector in order to facilitate informed decision-making.
Participate, through user feedback, in the development of budget and financial policies and procedures.
Ensure that financial resources are fully and properly accounted for and that internal control policy is strictly enforced.
Monitor and advice staff on the financial status of projects and programmes.
Reconciling creditors accounts.
Processing NAPSA, PAYE and VAT (Ensure compliance with all statutory matters).
Liaising with Banks on Office Bank Accounts.
Performing of duties as assigned by the Finance and Administration Manger.
01/2004
 
to 
05/2005
Bank Clerk
 
Company Name
Reporting to the Branch Manager.
Functions include:.
Managing controlled stationery (cheque books).
Customer needs and dealt with them appropriately.
Monthly branch closed accounts.
Investigating erroneous charges and taking appropriate accounting actions.
Customer queries.
Preparation of monthly deposits mobilized.
Reconciling and reviewing suspense account and ensuring that proper clearance procedures have been followed.
Carrying out other routine tasks in the office, e.g.
filling vouchers.
09/2001
 
to 
12/2003
Cashier
 
Company Name
Reporting to the Branch Head Cashier: 
Functions Include:.
Providing customer services to a culturally diverse setting.
Receiving personal and company deposits of local and foreign currencies.
Making payments (withdraws) from personal and company accounts for local and foreign currencies.
Journaling and batching of transactions.
Posting of financial transactions on computer system.
Sorting soiled notes.
Balancing and reconciliation of Bank Control Accounts.
Making payments to suppliers of goods and services.
Raising and issuing managers cheques to customers.
Education and Training
2008
Zambia Accountacy and Business Tuition Centre - ACCA II Part 
Qualified.
2001
Diploma
 
: 
Accountancy
 
National Institutes of Public Administration (NIPA)
 
Accountancy
1995
Grade 12 (School Certificate)
 
Kamwala Secondary School
1990
Chingwele Primary School
Activities and Honors
Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)
Skills
ACCA II, Accounting, Accountant, accounting system, administrative, ad, Auditing, Reconciling bank statements, banking, benefits, Budgeting,budget, Business consultant, Business Management, Cash Flow, Cash Management, Cashier, Closing, communications skills, interpersonal skills,
concise, Council, customer services, decision-making, Dispatching, documentation, Filling, Finance, Financial, Financial 
Management, Financial
Planning, Financial Reporting, financial statements, preparing financial statements, fixed asset register, funds, Government, grants, notes, Managing,
Office, organizational skills, Organizing, PAYE, processing payments, payroll, personnel, policies, Receiving, Reconciling, Reporting, Sage,
Sorting, spreadsheet, Sun, Supervising, Teamwork, word processing, written