FITNESS DIRECTOR
Professional Profile
Dedicated business professional with over seven years of experience in marketing and customer service in the fitness industry; marketing and selling
fitness services while providing exceptional customer service.
Qualifications
Successful sales experience 
Creative and resourceful Exceptional problem solving ability 
Superior organization Strong leadership and
communication skills 
Project management 
Proficient with Microsoft Office and Outlook 
Ability to work in a team setting
Experience
Fitness Director
 
01/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed 20 full time staff and 40 part-time and on call staff.
Managed schedules for 10 full time and five part-time personal trainers, three nutritionists, two cardio coaches, and four Pilates trainers.
Worked directly with sales of personal training, wellness, Pilates, group exercise services and packages to members based on the needs of
the member.
Provided members with exceptional member service by exceeding expectations and being proactive in resolving issues and answering
questions.
Setup and managed CSI scheduling, billing, and operating software system for the fitness and wellness departments.
Developed and created new programs to promote and market the various fitness and wellness services to increase member engagement.
Worked closely with the communications team on the various marketing outlets.
This includes creating text and formats for email alerts, GPX and Group Personal Training schedules, brochures, flyers, and web content.
Developed and trained fitness, wellness, and athletic services staff on departmental processes, procedures, and standards.
Managed payroll by checking time and attendance records, entering service provider commission, and submitting payroll documents to
payroll supervisor.
Managed Group Personal Training program schedule, billing, and marketing materials.
Managed all fitness and wellness department billing and credits.
Helped develop, market, and host open houses for the Pilates studio and the launch of the new conditioning studio.
Assisted with planning and hosting of annual Wellness Fair.
Handled member complaints and worked with the members to find the best solution.
Worked with the members to determine the best program or service and pairing the member up with the appropriate service provider.
Worked directly with Membership Director to increase new member engagement by developing promotions and communications to
welcome and support all new members.
Fitness Specialist/Member Service Specialist
 
12/2007
 
to 
03/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Worked with clients to assess, design, and maintain exercise programs.
Programs included goal setting, cardiovascular workouts, and strength training workouts to help obtain health and wellness goals.
Created and implemented programming for fitness division within the company including fitness bowls, muscle matchups, and table tennis
tournaments.
The goal of fitness programs was to promote and educate employees on health and wellness within the corporations Vivecorp Inc.
contracted with.
Created marketing materials for all fitness programs including flyers, email alerts, and updating web content.
Created and implemented fitness assessment programming including four components; cardiovascular, muscular strength, flexibility, and
circumference measurements.
Provided health screenings including lipid panel, glucose/cholesterol, body composition, blood pressure, and bone density to corporations to
promote health and wellness.
Designed and instructed group exercise classes including x-training, circuit training, and core conditioning.
Provided members with exceptional member service by exceeding expectations, welcoming, and motivating members.
Event Management
 
11/2006
 
to 
03/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Organized and prepared materials for school athletic events including basketball and volleyball matches.
Sold and distributed tickets at athletic events working within the ticket sales and will call sales offices.
Tracked game day attendance by counting tickets prior to completion of each match.
Provided extraordinary game day experience by escorting ticket holders to seats, handing out flyers, and answering questions.
Education
Master's of Business Administration (MBA)
 
: 
General Management
 
2012
 
UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX
 
City
 
, 
State
 
General Management
Bachelor of Science Degree (BS)
 
: 
Exercise Science
 
2008
 
SEATTLE PACIFIC UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Exercise Science
Interests
Volunteer for Northwest Association for Blind Athletes *4-year member of Seattle Pacific University Women's Soccer Team *3-year member of
Student Athletic Advisory Committee at Seattle Pacific University
Additional Information
Other Activities *Volunteer for Northwest Association for Blind Athletes *4-year member of Seattle Pacific University Women's Soccer
Team *3-year member of Student Athletic Advisory Committee at Seattle Pacific UniversitySkills
billing, blood pressure, brochures, communication skills, clients, email, goal setting, promote health, leadership, Director, marketing, market,
marketing materials, materials, Microsoft Office, Outlook, payroll, problem solving, processes, programming, Project management, sales
experience, sales, scheduling, supervisor, web content, composition