FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINER
Summary
Well-regarded professional with proven record in analyzing statistical data and financial documents, providing comprehensive assessment of overall
health of financial institutions. Meticulous analyst who quickly evaluates data to accurately assess financial risk and regulatory compliance in fast-
paced, time-sensitive environments. Skilled relationship manager - fluent in both English and Spanish - who is effective in engaging others to
progress project goals.
Highlights
Financial analysis
Capital market trends
Financial forecasting
Risk management expertise
Budget Analysis
Cash flow analysis
Application of GAAP regulations
Financial modeling
Variance Trend Analysis
Experience
Financial Institutions Examiner
 
Mar 2011
 
to 
Jan 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Conducted examinations of financial institutions (records and operations) to verify adherence with relevant laws and regulations, including
Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) rules.
As subject matter expert, conducted training, coached team members, and compiled/reported results while managing stakeholder relations.
Assessed adequacy of assets and liabilities risk management policies and practices, including liquidity and sensitivity to market risks; and net
interest margin level and trends.
Assessed adequacy of institution's lending administrative and underwriting policies and practices; borrower's repayment capacity; collateral
protection; collateral valuations; legal documentation; and allowance for loan and lease losses' levels and methodology.
Reviewed and evaluated quality of credits ranging from $100 thousand to $25 million, assessing the adequacy of lending practices and level
of risks within the lending area of the bank.
Reviewed legal lending documents to determine adequacy of content/structure, covenants and performance/compliance with pertinent terms
as well as assessing quality of administrative practices, such as disbursements, tracking of insurance, payment of taxes, request of financial
information; others.
Evaluated the adequacy and strength of financial institution's corporate and capitalization structure, as well as business initiatives and future
prospects.
Evaluated financial institution's practices; the adequacy of internal controls and procedures; the general character of management; and
compliance with consumer protection, and safety and soundness standards.
Evaluated adequacy of audit practices and workpapers, and performed offsite reviews and analyzed audited financial statements.
Reviewed and assessed the adequacy of affiliate transactions and potential risk to the insurance fund.
Assessed the accuracy of depository institution's financial regulatory reports, and evaluated level and trends in financial performance.
Evaluated business impact analysis and risk assessment to determine if residual risk is acceptable.
Reviewed and evaluated the adequacy of the financial institution's Bank Secrecy Act (BSA)/Anti-money Laundry (AML)/Office of Foreign
Assets Control (OFAC) programs, as well as Information Technology (IT) and Information Security Systems.
Assessed compliance with fair lending, civil rights laws and regulations, and the Community Reinvestment Act.
Participated and evaluated CAMELS components and other specialty areas on examinations of financial depository institutions with total
assets ranging from $100 million to $20 billion.
Provided on-the-job training to less experienced staff members.
Compiled, composed, edited or proof read and evaluated comments for inclusion in final report.
Prepared final reports and drafts memos to communicate status of the examination/project.
Cited and supported apparent contraventions and violations of regulatory guidance when necessary.
Researched and gathered information from a variety of technical and regulatory materials to recommend corrective action; and explained
verbally and in writing the application of laws, regulations and practices covering a technical specialty area.
Assessed depository institution's financial performance, strategic plan, budget process, and contingency funding plans.
Assessed and evaluated adequacy of institution's accounting practices and independent review programs.
Identified incorrect accounting entries/data entry postings.
Admissions Advisor
 
Nov 2008
 
to 
Nov 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Led recruitment activities and provided support to new and continuing students.
Implemented recruitment plan to achieve budgeted goals each term.
Analyzed past recruitment patterns/projected leads, establishing plan that set specific goals for each step of recruitment process to ensure
annual goals were consistently met.
Assisted new and continuing students, reaching out and providing guidance that helped them progress through programs.
IT Specialist Intern
 
Oct 2007
 
to 
Feb 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided technical support to all users, assisting with virus response/resolution, security patches, and application needs.
Monitored progress and testing status of 2000+ new applications, serving as bridge between developer and clients to keep stakeholdersinformed.
Tapped as member of Vista and Office deployment team, Researched technical issues and documented solutions for user problems.
Assisted with data analysis to identify appropriate participants for various pilot deployments.
Department Administrator/Dental Assistant
 
Apr 2003
 
to 
Apr 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as part of dental assisting team for residents in the prosthodontics and general dentistry program.
Handled range of administrative duties for department.
As department administrator, maintained records, filed reports, and updated operating instructions to ensure compliance with proper
procedures.
Analyzed and reported productivity maximize provider credits and estimate fiscal year budget.
Standardized dental treatment rooms, establishing common scheme that improved efficiency and effectiveness of dental assistants as they
moved to assist in different rooms.
Known for ability to get things done, trained new employees in chair side and administrative duties.
Education
Master of Science
 
, 
Accounting and Financial Management
 
December 2016
 
University College, University of Maryland
 
Accounting and Financial
Management
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Business Information Systems
 
2008
 
University of Phoenix
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Information Systems
Skills
Account Analysis & Reconciliation
Accounts Payable 
Accounts Receivable
Bank Reconciliations 
Business
Due Diligence 
Financial Report Preparation
General Ledger AccountingÂ 