HR COORDINATOR
Summary
Applicant Screening, Background Checks, Benefits Administration, Compliance, Compensation, Drug Testing, EEO Inquiries, Employee
Relations, Event Planning, Full-Cycle Recruitment, Interviewing, Investigations, New Hire Orientation, Performance Evaluations, Reference
Checks, Policy & Procedure Administration, Training and Development, Worker's Compensation, Unemployment Claims.
Accomplishments
Chair, Employee Diversity Council, Kindred Healthcare (2009-2010), Employee Satisfaction Survey Achievement (50% increase in Survey
scores within a year), Kindred Healthcare.
Employee of the Month-2005 (Academic Counselor, University of Phoenix).
Performance Achievement Award-1998-Account Executive, Xerox Corporation.
Total Quality Management Training-1999, Xerox Document University.
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2014
 
to 
Current
 
HR Coordinator
 
Develops and coordinates a comprehensive employee recruitment, selection and placement program for all exceptional education teacher
vacancies and for the teacher vacancies at the Alternative School, Amelia Street, REAL School and Thirteen Acres.
Seeks out, interviews, screens and recruits applicants to fill existing and future position vacancies.
Coordinates with the licensure associate to ensure applicants meet licensure qualifications.
Refers qualified teachers to administrators for interview.
Develops comprehensive recruiting partnerships with colleges, universities, associations and other school divisions.
Develops recruitment presentations for teacher applicants and conducts on-campus and job fairs orientations for potential applicants.
Ensures that all employment interviewers are trained and recruitment materials are accurate.
Ensures that all recruitment, selection and placement actions comply with Federal and State laws, school board polices and Richmond
Public Schools administrative procedures.
Counsels employees to help resolve personnel related concerns/issues and assists in the arbitration of grievances.
Coordinates closely with the other human resources staffing coordinators to determine recruitment requirements and projections for future
position vacancies.
Travels 35% for out of state recruitment.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Company Name
 
January 2011
 
to 
January 2014
 
Human Resources Consultant
 
Conduct investigation into employee relations complaints and make recommendations on appropriate resolutions within agency policy and
procedures.
Provide advice and counsel to managers and employees in the resolution of employee-related questions, problems, and/or related
performance management activity.
Manage the coverage of the Employee Relations Hotline and the Investigation Process.
Work closely with the Grievance Coordinator and collaborate on projects.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with other departments/agencies and external resources.
Coordinates all recruitment processes to include ad review & placement, applicant screening, certification, interview coordination and pre-
employment screening.
Updates and maintains data in HRIS applicant tracking database.
Participates in job fairs and participates on interview panels.
Company Name
 
January 2007
 
to 
January 2010
 
Human Resources Manager/Coordinator
 
City
 
, 
State
Set up entire HR department for new start up hospital.
Recruited for Senior Executive level positions such as, CEO, CFO, Directors and Managers of departments.
Served on the Senior Leadership Committee with Doctors and departmental leaders.
Developed and administered an effective full cycle recruitment program.
Coordinated and consulted with hiring managers on staffing needs.
Pre-screened applicants, coordinated interviews, accepted resumes/applications, negotiated and closed offers.
Facilitated the Employee of the Month Program.
Conducted new employee orientation and administered identification badges.
Monitored unemployment claims and appeals.
Developed and maintained affirmative action program.
Maintained other records, reports, and logs to conform to EEO regulations.
Provided mandatory professional licensing verifications, background checks and drug testing.
Prepared, and maintained records and procedures for controlling HR budget and reporting personnel data.
Managed the process for separated employees.
Hosted staff town hall meetings and encouraged survey participation.
Ensured compliance with federal, state employment laws and regulatory agencies.
Company Name
 
January 2006
 
to 
January 2007
 
Human Resources Manager
 City
 
, 
State
Managed a staff of employees and assisted with HR functions.
Developed and distributed employee newsletter.
Managed workers' compensation program.
Maintained workplace accident reports and completed all OSHA reporting.
Managed organizational processes such as new hires, change of status, terminations and Leave of Absences.
Coached Management staff on performance issues and Human Resource compliance.
Coordinated employee events such as team building, rewards and recognition.
Achievement/Recognition:.
Promoted to Lead HR Consultant & Shared Leave Coordinator, City of Richmond (2011).
Education
University of Phoenix
 
December, 2006
 
MBA
 
: 
Human Resources Management
 
Human Resources Management
Old Dominion University
 
May, 1993
 
BS
 
: 
Secondary Education
 
State
 
Secondary Education
VCU School of Business
 
November, 2008
 
SHRM Class Certificate
Grace E. Harris Leadership Institute, VCU School of Business
 
2012
Work History
Company Name
Company Name
Skills
administrative, ad, arbitration, agency, budget, Consultant, database, Employee Relations, hiring, HRIS, Human Resource, human resources, HR,
team building, Leadership, materials, meetings, newsletter, organizational, performance management, personnel, presentations, processes,
recruiting, recruitment, reporting, staffing, teacher