ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.Capable Accountant successful at
managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.
Detail-oriented bookkeeping professional with 3+ years experience applying financial and managerial accounting practices.
Highlights
Advanced Microsoft Office - Excel, Word, Power Point,
Accounting software - SAP Fico, SAP BPC, Hyperion, AS 400, Acc Pac, iScala
AR / Credit System - CTOS, Polymath, SAP Copa
Languages - Bahasa Malaysia & English
Financial statement analysis
Budget forecasting expertise
Account reconciliation expert
Experienced with VBA programming
Adobe software proficiency
General ledger accounting
Flexible team player
Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)
Accomplishments
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting.
 General Ledger Accounts
 Â 
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
Experience
Accountant
 
07/2012
 
to 
08/2015
 
Company Name
Industry : Financial Services
Monthly Salary: MYR 7,300
Daily operations, development and improvement of accounting processes - budget preparation, balance sheet, accounts receivables and
payable transactions, payments and credit control.
Preparation of all financial and management reporting and budgeting.
Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close.
Monitoring of financial and treasury functions including funds management, cash flow planning and projection, Draft full set audited financial
statements and attend to all audit queries/issues.
Responsible for company tax computation, tax compliance and tax planning.
Responsible for GST implementation and quarterly submission.
Liaise with auditors, tax agents, company secretary, bankers, external IT programmer and other local government authorities.
Responsible for implementation of new accounting system, HSBC online banking, CTOS and Polymath contract system (credit application,
reports, statement and etc) Responsible for withholding tax, calculation and allocation of cost sharing and intercompany billing.
Review, follow up and closely monitor bad debts report.
Provide training to new and existing staff as needed.
Assistant Finance Manager
 
05/2005
 
to 
07/2012
 
Company Name
Industry : Manufacturing & General Trading
Salary MYR 5,300
Managing subsidiaries month end closing process and consolidation as well reviewing to ensure accuracy, completeness and meeting
deadline given by Group Head Office (Sime Darby Berhad).
Preparation, reviewing and timely submission of monthly, quarterly and annual Financial Reporting for subsidiary company.
Responsible for the preparation of yearly budget for subsidiary as well consolidation of the Budget Report for the Division.
Implementation of new financial consolidation system (BPC-SAP) for the Division, provide training, support and maintenance for local and
overseas subsidiary companies.
Responsible for data mapping and testing.
Prepare draft statutory accounts and attend to statutory audit issues.
Credit control and follow up on outstanding collection.
Treasury - trade finance, banking facilities, monitoring Bankers Acceptance, bank guarantees and cash flow monitoring.
Liaise with external auditor, company secretary, bankers, tax agents, lawyers and government authorities.
Ensure company's tax computation and submission is in order and made in a timely manner.
Lead the team, supervise and monitor accounts staff on closing of monthly management accounts.
Oversees, review and resolve all matters/problems in relation to accounts and taxation.
Accounts Executive Junior Executive
 
01/2000
 
to 
05/2005
 
Company Name
Industry: General TradingIndustry: General Trading
Salary MYR 2,800
Prepare full set of accounts (GL, AR, AP), financial statement, monthly sales analysis, management report, daily and monthly cash flow,
payroll for management staff.
Month end closing and reconcile of financial accounts, generating daily invoices and monthly intercompany billing and reconciliation.
Supervise Accounts Payable and Receivable Officer.
Reconcile bank statement, apply and monitor trade finance facilities (banker acceptance and letter of credit).
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Finance
 
1997
 
Oklahoma State University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
GPA: 2.49/4
CGPA: 2.49/4
Diploma
 
: 
Banking 
1995
 
Mara Institute of Technology (UITM)
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Malaysia
CGPA 3.35/4
Personal Information
Expected Salary : MYR 7,000
Age : 41
Preferred Work Location : Selangor
I'm independent, fast learner, hardworking, good communication skill and have leadership qualities. Analytical with an eye for details.
Skills
accounting, Accounting software, accounting system, Accounts Payable and Receivable, accounts receivables, AP, AR, AS 400, balance sheet,
banking, billing, budget preparation, budgeting, Budget, cash flow, closing, Cost Accounting, Credit, English 
9, external auditor, Finance, Financial,
Financial Accounting, financial and management, Financial Reporting, financial statements, funds, GL, government, Hyperion, local government,
Managing, Excel, Microsoft Office, Office, Power Point, Word, month end closing, payroll, processes, programmer, reporting, sales analysis,
SAP, statutory accounts, tax compliance, tax planning, tax, Treasury, Written