PROGRAM MANAGER
Professional Summary
Â Program Managers working in a withdrawal managementÂ facilities responsible for supervising and coordinating staff. Duties
performedÂ include recruiting new employees, assigning tasks, scheduling shifts, training staff, improving patient care standards, and developing
strategies for increasing productivity.Â  I have integrity and a passion for performance. I am confident that my strong professional background as a
Program Manager as well as a Senior Detoxification Nurse with Metropolitan Development Council would make me an asset to your University.
In addition to my experience, I possess effective communication, Customer Service skills, and I excel within a highly competitive environment with
the skill sets of a Project Manager necessary to get the job done independently and/or as a team. I have more than 14 years of professional
experience in Detox and Rehabilitation client services, business excellence, Customer care, Corporate Administration and process/change
improvements. 
I have excellent interpersonal and team-building skills. I have the ability to manage supply and chain budgets, medical records,
employee performance evaluation, staff recruitment, and retention and quality improvement. I am a Program Manager/Lead clinical nurse who
consults and collaborates with other health care professionals to coordinate the management of patient care and the daily function of a 16 bed
detoxification center and 12 bed sobering center. 
I am successful at communicating with all levels of management to ensure project and
organizational goals are achieved. And my Career in the US Army as a Squad leader gives me the Leadership skills to head any project from
beginning to completion.
Licenses
Licensed Practical Nurse
Skill Highlights
Management
Committed to compliance reporting
Budgeting expertise
Successful treatment of 
Drug and Alcohol addiction patients
Avartar system
Familiarity with disease management programs
Trained in in- and out-patient care
Withdrawal Management
AVADE Instructor
CPR First Aid Instructor
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
June 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Program Manager
 
Mange 16 bed detoxification unit and 12 bed sobering center, mange and supervise the day to day operation of both inpatient and
outpatient facilities. Select, 
supervise, train, develop, and evaluate staff Maintain licenses and certification for both inpatient and outpatient
treatment Provide patient care, ensure safety and discharge plan Available 24/7 via cell phone for staff consult and staffing issues.
Company Name
 
June 2000
 
to 
June 2013
 
Rehabilitation/Detox Lead Nurse
 
Patient care, medication administration, transcribe doctors' orders, Provide quality care to patients Attend to clients Physical and emotional
needs.
Coordinate aftercare treatment; maintain accountability for medications, patients and Hospital equipment.
Coordinate duties with program director and perform duties in Program Directors absence, ensure program staffing, ensure Rehabilitation
center has adequate supplies, sign purchase requisition.
Advising the Vice President of social and health services of any emergency that may arise and correction of any staff errors.
Consult with physician with any emergency health concerns.
Scheduling of 
inpatient admission, community resource appointments, Constant use of office equipment.
Company Name
 
September 1997
 
to 
April 2005
 
SSG, Squad Leader, Physical Fitness Instructor
 
Critical care, Cardiac nurse, Patient Care, Charting, give medication.
Counseling soldiers.
Education and Training
City University of Seattle
 
2012
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Management
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.3
Management
Fort Sam Houston Military Academy of Science
 
1998
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.0
Accomplishments
Aid Ministry Provide medical aid during ministry service Provide eye exam to back to school student during win the neighbor Holiday
Chef/Tacoma Detoxification Center Provided, prepared and served meal Other Skills Registered counselor 2010(expired) BLS instructor
Certificate Non-profit Management 2013 University of Washington Master in Tae kwon do AVADE instructor Affiliations National
federation of license Practical Nurses World Tae kwon do Federation American Cancer Society.
Personal Information
I am certain that I can make a significant contribution and I look forward to the opportunity to speak with you. 
To further acquaint you with the
specifics of my background, I am enclosing a list of specific points that I feel make me a perfect fit for WGU. Thank you for your time and
consideration, Tonia Hess
SkillsCounseling, Critical care, clients, discharge plan, director, medication administration, office equipment, Patient Care, quality, Rehabilitation, safety,
Scheduling, staffing, phone
Additional Information
I am certain that I can make a significant contribution and I look forward to the opportunity to speak with you. 
To further acquaint you with
the specifics of my background, I am enclosing a list of specific points that I feel make me a perfect fit for WGU. Thank you for your time
and consideration, Tonia Hess