RESEARCH ASSISTANT
Summary
Seeking a position in a research institution or a university
Skills
Managerial Accounting, Legal Environment of Business, Financial Management, Operations Management, Business
Information Systems, Managerial Economics, Organizational Behavior and Management Processes, Quantitative
Analysis for Business Decisions, Financial Statement Analysis, Marketing Management, Strategic Management, and
Professional Paper and Presentation.Managerial Accounting, Legal Environment of Business, Financial Management,
Operations Management, Business Information Systems, Managerial Economics, Organizational Behavior and
Management Processes, Quantitative Analysis for Business Decisions, Financial Statement Analysis, Marketing
Management, Strategic Management, and Professional Paper and Presentation.Microsoft Word
Microsoft
ExcelMicrosoft
PowerPointMicrosoft
ProjectMicrosoft
AccessMicrosoft
Outlook Express
Experience
02/2005
 
to 
05/2005
Research Assistant
 
Company Name
College of Business Administration and Economics, New Mexico State University, NM.
Do market research, prepare and write business and marketing plans for start-up companies.
Work under the supervision of Dr. Kevin Boberg, Associate Dean.
01/2002
 
to 
01/2003
Officer
 
Company Name
Industrial and Commercial Bank of Vietnam (http://www.icb.com.vn) 
Translated banking documents in English to Vietnamese.
Acted as an interpreter when needed.
Developed and maintained the correspondent banking relationship with Russian banks.
Kept track of loans borrowed from foreign banks.
Worked on the Returnee project between Vietnam and the German Reconstruction Bank.
Did other administrative and clerical work.
02/1999
 
to 
02/2001
02/1999
Company Name
Certificate of Liaison Officer by the Ministry of Trade, Vietnam (http://www.mot.gov.vn) Group Prize) in the National Students' Scientific
Research Competition organized by the Ministry of Education and Training (http://www.moet.edu.vn).
Innovative Medal for the Youth.
2 Page 
of 2.
Education and Training
2005
Master of Business Administration
 
New Mexico State University
May 20, 2005
NM
 
4.00
2002
Bachelor of Economics
 
Foreign Trade University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Vietnam
 
Recipient of the 2004-2005 Glen Yoquelet Scholarship, College of Business
Administration and Economics, New Mexico State University, NM. Graduate Assistantship, College of Business Administration and Economics,
New Mexico State University, NM.
Activities and Honors
Certificate of Liaison Officer by the Ministry of Trade, Vietnam (http://www.mot.gov.vn) Group Prize) in the National Students' Scientific
Research Competition organized by the Ministry of Education and Training (http://www.moet.edu.vn).Innovative Medal for the Youth.
Additional Information
Awards, Honors and Achievement 2004