ADMINISTRATOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Summary
Advanced Desktop Support Lead/Manager with 14 plus years of experience in the Information Technology field providing Tier II - III technical
support. I have demonstrated highly advanced troubleshooting techniques in resolving end-user issues with swift efficiency and going above and
beyond SLA. 15 plus years of experience working with United Senate end-users across multiple technological platforms.
Experience
Company Name
 
Administrator of Information Technology
 
City
January 17th 2007- Present).
Research, implement and support new technologies in support of developing public policy implement and support of 175-person
infrastructure upgrades Train technical and general staff in support processes and troubleshooting techniques Establishes system
specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; designing system infrastructure.
Establishes system by planning and executing the selection, installation, configuration, and testing of PC and server hardware, software,
LAN and WAN networks, and operating and system management systems; defining system and operational policies and procedures.
Maintains system performance by performing system monitoring and analysis, and performance tuning; troubleshooting system hardware,
software, networks and operating and system management systems; designing and running system load/stress testing; escalating application
problems to vendor.
Secures system by developing system access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; establishing and testing disaster recovery policies and
procedures; completing back-ups; maintaining documentation.
Prepares users by designing and conducting training programs; providing references and support.
Upgrades system by conferring with vendors and services; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements and new software.
Meets financial requirements by submitting information for budgets; monitoring expenses for the entire Leadership conference.
Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential.
Company Name
 
United States Senate Network Support Engineer
 
City
August 17th 20004 -2006).
Integrated, selected and developed procedures to support 3rd party.
Provided support for software, printing, and network access issues to entire Senate community.
Provided senior level support to internal Help Desk operations.
Worked on integrating with 3rd party software.
Responsible for installation, configuration and support of Capitol Correspond sql database.
Trouble shooting with HP printer issues.
Worked on connecting and configuring PC's, and NT servers to the network.
Assure that H/W and software are working smoothly within the environment.
Provide desktop support in a cross-platform environment Support the ongoing development and maintenance of local area network Support
effective security systems.
Back-up systems and updates.
Perform special projects as needed.
Identify, research, and recommend solutions on technical issues as needed.
Company Name
 
United States Senate Software Specialist
 
City
August 15th 2000 -2004).
Provides client site level 2 support of capitol Correspond database management software running on MS SQL database.
Responsible for installation, configuration and support of Capitol Correspond SQL database.
Provided client training for the use of Capitol Correspond Database.
Trouble shooting with MS SQL, and troubleshooting printer issues.
Provided client training for the use of Capitol Correspond Database.
Worked on connecting and configuring PCs, and NT servers to the network.
Provide desktop support in a cross-platform environment Support the ongoing development and maintenance of local area network Support
effective security systems.
Back-up systems and updates.
Perform special projects as needed.
Identify, research, and recommend solutions on technical issues as needed.
Education
AMERICAN MILITARY UNIVERSITY
 
2014
 
Master of Arts
 
: 
National Security Studies Cyber Security
 
National Security Studies Cyber
Security
AIR FORCE AIR COMMAND AND STAFF COLLEGE
 
2013
 
State
 
Graduate Certificate: Aerospace, Cyberspace and Joint Professional
Education.
MARYMOUNT UNIVERSITY
 
2007
 
Master
 
: 
Science Computer Information Systems Management
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Science Computer Information
Systems ManagementMARYMOUNT UNIVERSITY
 
1999
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Computer Information Systems
MCAFEE 
CYBER INSTITUTE
 
Certified Cyber Intelligence Professional (CCIP). 
2016
Professional Affiliations
Member of the Delta Epsilon Sigma Honor Society Member of Intelligence and National Security Alliance. Member of the Senate Information
Security IT group. Member of Council for Emerging National Security Affairs. Member of Partnership for Secure America.
Publications
Congressional Scholar Certificate: Security Policy. CompTIA 
A+, Network+ 
Security+ (2016)
Languages
Arabic (fluent)
Skills
Arabic, Back-up, budgets, hardware, client, Database, database management, designing, disaster recovery, documentation, financial, Help Desk,
HP, local area network, LAN, Leadership, access, 2000, network, networks, NT servers, PC's, policies, printer, processes, Research, sql, MS
SQL, desktop support, training programs, Trouble shooting, troubleshooting, Upgrades, WAN, workflow