HR DIRECTOR/ADMINISTRATOR
Executive Profile
A self-motivated individual with over 20 years' experience successfully managing a myriad of diverse enterprises. 
Major strengths include the ability
to rapidly set-up, organize, and oversee new offices, provide expert document control, excellent meeting planning skills, and the ability to liaise
among diverse entities.
Skill Highlights
Small business development
Project management
Leadership/communication skills
Employee relations
Self-motivated
Staff Development
Start-UPS
Team Player
Total quality management
Core Accomplishments
Project Management:
Monitored the operation of eleven Renewable Wind projects implemented the process for hiring, documentation control between owner
and contractors, complete set-up of the office facility on site.Â 
Monitored all expenses to ensure they did not exceed the budget
Human Resources:
Structured the HR Handbook for all craft employees out on the projectÂ 
Structured the hiring processÂ 
Mentored and trained office staff
Operations Management:
Managed personnel
Liaison between owner, contractor, and sub-contractor
Monitored daily progress out in the field
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
January 2015
 
to 
Current
 
HR Director/Administrator
 
Responsible for the HR department and supervising administrative staff and trained support staff.
Handled all hiring and payroll.
Reviewed all invoices for appropriate documentation.
Managed the construction of the new office for Forbes Bros Inc in the Houston office.
Facilitated the start of the company in Houston.
Company Name
 
January 2013
 
to 
January 2015
 
Executive Administrator
 
Responsible for preparing reports and financial data, training and supervising other support staff, and customer relationships.
Prepared all bid proposals as well as administrated daily affairs.
Company Name
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2013
 
Senior Administrator
 
Assist in the development of processes for support functions within the group.
Compiled and analyzed financial information for the transmission project.
Ensured that project contracts and bids were completed and filed on time.
Reviewed all invoices for appropriate documentation and approval prior to payment.
Provided master document control and coordination for several concurrent transmission projects, including all information flows among
owners, contractors, sub-contractors, utility companies, environmental consultants, landowners, and government agencies.
Served as the main point of contact between contractors and all L-Con personnel.
Provided company HR functionality at the site.
Supervised an office staff of 15.
Site Office Administrator 
E.ON Climate and Renewables 
2006-2010 Responsible for all aspects of site office administration for E.ON's
largest wind power construction site (in Roscoe, TX), comprising over 750 MW of wind power and over 2010 employees, contractors,
and subcontractors.
Provided master document control and coordination for several concurrent wind projects, including all information flows between the
owner, contractors, sub-contractors, wind turbine suppliers, utility companies, environmental consultants, landowners, and governmental
agencies.Served as the main point of contact between contractors and all E.ON personnel.
Provided company HR functionality at the site.
Company Name
 
January 2005
 
to 
January 2006
 
Administrative Assistant
 
Managed office for Airtricity's US flagship Forest Creek and Sand Bluff wind farms sites near Big Spring, Texas.
Responsibilities included overseeing all document control, site office management, site HR needs (including timesheets and expense reports),
and acting as meeting planner / facilitator for periodic staff / VIP site visits.
Manager of House Accounts 
Total Design on Marble & Granite 
2002-2004 Acted as liaison between customers and sales staff.
Established customer service procedures to ensure quality.
Provided operational expertise on the day-to-day management of business.
Supervised a staff of ten persons, with the responsibility of overseeing all installed granite projects for quality assurance.
Company Name
 
January 2001
 
to 
January 2002
 
Administrative Assistant
 
Assistant to the president of the company.
Responsibilities included insight to all new business ventures to ensure timely completion and adherence to budget.
Set up procedures for analyzing all financial information to determine the business expansion strategies.
Education
University of New Mexico
 
BA
 
: 
Business/Finance
 
Business/Finance Volunteer- Food Bank and member of Chamber of Commence
Skills
administrative, budget, contracts, customer service, documentation, expense reports, financial, government, hiring, HR, Office, office
administration, office management, payroll, personnel, processes, proposals, quality, quality assurance, Roscoe, sales, supervising, transmission