PERSONAL BANKER(SAFE)1 AND BUSINESS ADVOCATE
Profile
Skilled and awarded Personal and Business Banker whose talents shine in a competitive, innovative and creative environment. Track record of
exceeding sales goals, improving client retention and growing customer base. Team player who truly believes in providing clients with the utmost
client experience. Has a contagious energy that surrounds the environment she works in. E
 xperienced in high-volume, multi-unit, retail and
business operations. Desires a high-level position in a professional corporate environment.
Core Accomplishments
Top Personal Banker and Business Advocate in the District
Received The Star Credit Award
Received The National Achiever Banker Award
Received numerous awards for exceeding sales goals and customers satisfactions.
Received Most Balanced Performer Award.
Received Employee of the Year Award.
Received several Employee of the Month Awards.
Received Sales Winner Awards
An MVP Award Winner
A Productivity Award Winner
Received Community Top Personal Banker Award
Received numerous letters of appreciation and recognition from numbers of highly satisfied customers
Ranked among the top Telephone Bankers and Customer Service Representatives in the Nation
Received Highest Quality Score Award as Telephone Banker.
Professional Experience
PERSONAL BANKER(SAFE)1 AND BUSINESS ADVOCATE
 
Dec 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Consistently a top performing Personal Banker and Business Advocate in the district. Received a Star Credit Award. Recognized for achieving the
highest number of partner referrals which includes mortgages, merchant services, payroll services and insurance products. Frequent recipient of
customers recognition for providing exceptional customer service experience.
Relationship Banker, Small Business Specialist, Investment Representative
 
Nov 2009
 
to 
Aug 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Played a vital role in the customer banking experience.
Built relationships with customers by providing them with products and services to meet their needs.
Acquired, retained, deepened and managed relationships with customers.
Generated growth in balances through sales, marketing, promotion and referral of products and services.
Delivered outstanding customer experience and helped Branch meet sales objectives contributed to the success of the firm.
Managed, maintained and developed assigned portfolio of customers.
Profiled customers.
Uncovered high potential and high balanced customers.
Uncovered customer's financial needs and provided them product and service recommendations.
Developed and cultivated existing customer relationships.
Called existing and prospect customers.
Partnered with specialists (such as Loan Officers, Business Bankers, and Financial Advisors), to ensure customers get access to experts
who can help them with specialized financial needs.
Responsible in opening Consumer and Business accounts, Loan applications, crossed-sells bank products and services, and resolved
customer service issues.
Participated in and occasionally facilitated daily branch team meetings.
Assisted with coaching and training new bankers, tellers and other branch professionals.
Participated in special projects, sales campaigns and assignments as requested.
Identified and resolved complex client service opportunities.
Received a National Achiever Banker Award, Employee of the Month Award, Consistently exceeded monthly sales goals, Received
recognition as one of Top Bankers in Arizona Market, District, and Community.
Recognized for consistently providing customers with the utmost customer experience and for deepening and sustaining customers banking
relationship.
Was licensed in Investment- Series 6, 63 and Insurance.
Trained as a Small Business Specialist.
Personal banker.
Jun 2009
 
to 
Oct 2009
 Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Engaged in sales and service activities in a traditional branch setting.
Opened consumer and Business accounts, Loan applications, crossed-sells bank products and services, and resolved customer service
issues.
Referred customers to other areas of U.S.
Bank when appropriate.
Converted service opportunities into sales events.
Acquired, retained, deepened and managed relationships with customers.
Responsible for generating growth in balances through the sale, marketing, promotion and referral of products and services.
Provided banking sales solutions for deposit, loan and investment products.
Acquired new clients and developed current book of business.
Supported the branch in achieving sales goals.
Provided sales and service assistance to customers.
Developed and maintained broad knowledge of products and services to appropriately support client needs.
Ensured compliance with operational, security and audit procedures and policies.
Participated in special projects, sales campaigns and assignments as requested.
Trained as a Business Banker and participated in extensive loan processing role.
Telephone Banker/ Customer Service Representative
 
Oct 2007
 
to 
Jun 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Answered inbound calls pertaining to customers questions and concerns regarding their accounts.
Serviced customers existing accounts.
Recommended new products and services.
Overcame customers banking concerns which include some escalated issues by recommending solutions and by providing utmost client
experience.
Achieved aggressive sales goals which were measured in daily basis.
Maintained a well balanced performancein the field of Sales and Customer Satisfactions.
Referred customers to specialists when necessary.
Assisted supervisors and managers in retaining new and existing employees.
Served as a mentor shadower to other telephone bankers and customer service representatives.
Assisted supervisors in coaching other bankers and customer service representatives.
Provided and shared best practices to fellow employees.
Education
Bachelor's Degree
 
, 
Social Work
 
St. Bridget's College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
Philippines
Passed the Licensing exam in Social Work
Skills
Leadership
Marketing
Motivation
Multi-unit Operation Management
Negotiation Skills
New Business Development
Operations Start-Up
Organizational Restructure and Change
Outsourcing
Performance Analysis
Problem Resolution Project Management
Project Planning
Public Relations
Sales, Sales Analysis
Service Quality Improvement,
Staff Development
Staff Motivation,
Staff Training
Change Implementation
Communication Skills
Community Outreach
Cross-Cultural Communications
Customer Relations
Departmental Operations ManagementDiverse Market/Industry Knowledge
Event Management and Promotion
Expense Control
Fast Learner
Hard-worker
Interpersonal Skills
Staff-Retention Programs
Start-Ups and Acquisitions
Team Building
Team Leadership
Team Player