DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND ANALYTICS
Summary
Accomplished senior manager with over 15 years of experience leading complex projects and managing resources to optimize enterprise
technology and support business objectives. 
Committed to quality and service excellence with aptitude for launching new technology platforms.
Subject matter expert in Information Security Risk Management. Excellent communicator adept at identifying business needs and bridging the gap
between functional groups and technology to foster targeted and innovative solutions.
Highlights
OS/Platforms: 
Microsoft Windows Server 2008/2012, Exchange 2010, IIS, Active Directory, DNS
Networking: 
Cisco LAN/WAN (ASA/switching), TCP/IP, VPN, VoIP, SIP, MPLS, VNC, VLAN Segregation
Hardware: 
SAN/FIBER technology, Enterprise Servers, Switches, Routers, Workstations, Laptops, Mobile Devices
(iPad/iPhone/Blackberry),
Telephony Systems: 
Cisco CUCM
Tools: 
JIRA, Veritas Netbackup, Backup Exec, PCAnywhere, Symantec Antivirus, Ghost, SharePoint, Visio, Microsoft Office Suite
Experience
Director of Information Technology and Analytics
 
January 2005
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Market-leading global credit asset management firm with $4 Billion AUM and over 120 employees worldwide.
Directed the firm's word-wide Information Technology strategy.
Established and instituted policies, procedures and technology to mitigate corporate security risk and position ZAIS for Sarbanes-Oxley act
compliance.
Identified process improvement opportunities and recommended solutions and budget requirements to management committee.
Managed team of 6 resources responsible for technology management and support operations encompassing all aspects of IT infrastructure
including workstations, server platforms, IP telephony, L3 network infrastructure, network security, disaster recovery, Storage Area
Networks and videoconferencing.
Directed project teams through all lifecycle phases handling technical escalation events.
Evaluated and deployed DLP solution.
Chairman of the firm's cybersecurity committee responsible for advancing the firm's security posture.
Selected Accomplishments Developed and led a technology strategy for the firm that supports strong business alignments, increases
profitability and provides a sound, flexible and reliable foundation for the future.
Enabled revenue growth by leading the timely deployment of high-performance virtual computing environment to support new models
created by internal development teams.
Created Incident Response Policies and Procedures rooted firmly on the NIST framework.
Developed and lead breach rehearsal scenarios both for executive roundtable tests and technical response team practices.
Designed Data Governance and Classification Policies particularly in regards to Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
Evaluated and deployed Data Loss Prevention system (Symantec) and created escalation procedures to comply with the firm's Data
Governance Policy.
Managed all security vendor relationships through the contract negotiation lifecycle and Service Level Agreement reviews.
Developed associates to their fullest potential by providing challenging opportunities that enhanced associate's career growth.
Recruited and developed appropriate talent pool to insure adequate bench strength and succession planning.
Managed logistics, procurement and deployment of IT infrastructure in Dallas, Baton Rouge, Shanghai, Dublin, London, Singapore and
Tokyo locations inclusive of establishing a sustainable model for support.
Established a viable Disaster Recovery strategy with a physical to virtual solution and liaison with all business units to generate the firm's
Business Continuity plan.
Spearheaded the analog to VOIP conversion of ZAIS IPT and video infrastructures (Cisco CUCM environment).
Transformed IT support and organizational interaction practices, fostering strong, collaborative work environment.
while developing robust help desk systems and processes for improved trouble ticket initiation and visibility.
Led the firm's Cybersecurity enhancement effort by managing the design, implementation and maintenance of the 
Advanced Threat
Protection system, Next Generation Firewalls and Mobile Computing Security.
Developed the firms Cybersecurity Policy and Incident Response Team firmly rooted on the NIST framework.
Responded to audit requests from potential and current investors, met with them to discuss finding, and guided them through the due
diligence process.
Responded to external auditors and lead remediation efforts if needed.
Reported all audits to the executive board.
Fostered a culture of security awareness in the firm by obtaining executive level support for Cybersecurity initiatives and enabling
acceptance of security measures through user education.
Information Technology Manager
 
January 2002
 
to 
January 2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manufacturing firm with over 100 year history and 170 employees.
Directed hardware and software configuration, installation, troubleshooting, and support activities.
Oversaw administration of network infrastructure, business systems, cabling and circuits, and telecommunications platforms.Established and managed relationships with technology vendors and service providers.
Monitored and tracked call volumes, service requests, and performance metrics.
Led work order documentation and change request management.
Selected Accomplishments Designed and led Windows 2003 migration team.
Administered CISCO multi-VLAN layer 3 switched LAN\WAN.
Designed and administered CISCO VPN solution.
Led the procurement, configuration and administration of all infrastructure projects.
Engineered and deployed Microsoft Exchange 2003 solution including web access/spam protection/security.
Planned and implemented Enterprise Resource Planning project.
Responsible for disaster recovery plan/execution.
Supervised IT staff and coordinated all consultants.
Systems Administrator
 
January 2000
 
to 
January 2002
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Consulting firm providing portal technology to enterprise customers.
Administered and supported 250 client node Windows NT environment.
Planned, configured and administered the upgrade of Windows NT to Windows 2000.
Maintained DNS, WINS and DHCP in multi-site environment.
Maintained 85 node development server environment.
Engineered and deployed System Management Server 2.0 infrastructure.
Designed Workstation and Server imaging system using Symantec Ghost.
Performed daily network monitoring tasks including backups (Veritas) and log checks.
Data/Systems Administrator
 
January 1998
 
to 
January 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Global provider of information technology products and services (3 Billion in revenue) Oversee and modify the daily download of data from
several distributors.
Uploaded data to appropriate SQL databases.
Maintained and perform hardware/software upgrades on Windows FTP servers.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Psychology/History
 
, 
1998
 
Rutgers University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Psychology/History
Skills
Active Directory, Antivirus, asset management, Backup Exec, budget, business systems, cabling, CISCO, Competitive, Hardware, Consulting,
contract negotiation, conversion, credit, client, databases, DHCP, Disaster Recovery, documentation, DNS, due diligence, Enterprise Resource
Planning, Firewalls, FTP, Ghost, help desk, IIS, imaging, Information Technology, IP, IT support, LAN, Laptops, Team Leadership, logistics,
Loss Prevention, managing, Market, Mentoring, access, Exchange, Microsoft Exchange 2003, Microsoft Office Suite, SharePoint, Microsoft
Windows, Windows, Windows 2000, Windows NT, word, migration, Enterprise, network security, network, Networking, Networks, Next, OS,
organizational, PCAnywhere, Policies, Problem Resolution, processes, process improvement, procurement, Project Management, Proposal
Development, Requirements Analysis, Routers, SAN, Sarbanes-Oxley, Servers, Service Level Agreement, sound, SQL, strategy, Strategic
Planning, Switches, Symantec, TCP/IP, telecommunications, Telephony, troubleshooting, upgrades, upgrade, Veritas, Veritas Netbackup, video,
VPN, Visio, VOIP, WAN