CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVOCATE II
Summary
Qualified Lead Customer Service Representative with 16 + years in fast-paced customer service utility office environment and Affordable Care
Reform. Personable and professional under pressure. At the utility company I was responsible for the day in and day out operations of a busy
utility office as both lead customer service representative and assistant to my local manager. I handled everything from time sheets for the entire
office to payments made by our customers. For the last six months I have been employed with Kelly Services and worked in MarketPlace
Operations at BlueCross BlueShield where I provided accurate, prompt and courteous responses to all inquiries by members internal and external
, agents and providers. I handled inquires that required extensive research, coordination with other departments and accurately documented
information. Received positive feedback from members, agents and management regarding work performance.
Highlights
Exceptional communication skills
Filing and data archiving
Creative problem solver
Professional phone etiquette
MS Windows proficient
Customer service-oriented
Quick learner
Flexible
Proficient in cash management
Works well under pressure
Credit card processing
Appointment setting
Advanced clerical knowledge
High level of accuracy
Strong account analysis skills
MS Office expert Self-sufficient
Committed to maintaining data integrity
Excellent time management skills
Independent worker Detail-oriented
Computer proficient
Expertise in invoice and payment transactions PowerPoint knowledge PeopleSoft expert
CES System
Claims Experience
SEIN
SEIU
FIPS
PIRS
Aclaims
Ebill
Call Center
Experience
Customer Service Advocate II
 
October 2014
 
to 
March 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I worked at MarketPlace Operations at BlueCross BlueShield where I provided accurate, prompt and courteous responses to all inquiries by
members internal and external , agents and providers in a call center setting. I handled inquires that required extensive research, coordination with
other departments and accurately documented information. 
I worked using the CES system along with Aclaims, Ebill, PIRS, FIPS , SEIU, RMIM,
RMIH, and INFP's. I received positive feedback from members, agents and management regarding my work performance.
Customer Service Representatives
 
November 1998
 
to 
September 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for entering all payments for the office every day. The money amount was a high as $25,000 some days. Answered an average of 200
call per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing information about their utility service. Greeted customers entering the
office and addressed their needs with billing, payment or setting up their utility accounts. Entered time sheet information for all employees at our
local office and scheduled meetings for manager. Responsible for all paperwork turned in by employees that need to be entered for company and
OSHA requirements. Responsible for all statistical information required on a monthly basis by our corporate headquarters. Responsible for
entering all information pertaining to inventory of equipment, scheduling any transfer or pick up of equipment. Handled all invoices and payment to
vendors for the local office. Handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with the accounting departments on invoicing and shipping
problems. Set up and explained utility accounts to new customers. Responsible for emergency situations with customers and making sure
information has been given to the proper person to resolve the problem. Responsible during emergency weather or hazards to be on site at work
to help with customer needs. Described products to customers and accurately explained details about the programs that were offered. Investigated
and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. Participated in physical inventory counts every quarter.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
Education. I
 
Coastal Carolina University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
High School Diploma: Coastal Carolina University - Conway, SC I attended Coastal Carolina University with a major in Education. I left one
semester before finishing my degree due to family obligations. 
My last three semesters I earned 4.0 each semester. My GPA was 3.6 when I left
school.Skills
Accounting, Accounts To, Basis, Billing, Customer Inquiries, Customer Service, Inventory, Invoices, Invoicing, Payments, Receptionist, Retail
Sales, Scheduling, Shipping, The Accounting, Account Analysis, Archiving, Cash, Cash Management, Clerical, Credit, Credit Card, Customer
Service Representative, Data Archiving, Data Integrity, Detail-oriented, Etiquette, Filing, Forecasting, Invoice, Ms Office, Operations, Peoplesoft,
Phone Etiquette, Powerpoint, Problem Solver, Time Management, CES, Claims, PIRS, FIPS, Ebill, Aclaims, RMIM, RMIH, SEIU