ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.Capable Accountant successful at
managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.
Highlights
Account reconciliation expert
General ledger accounting
working on SAP tool and HFM
Account payable Specialist
Auditing
Expert in customer relations
Flexible team player
Compliance testing knowledge
Accomplishments
Achieved cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes.
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Extensive experience with Financial Statements audits, reviews, compilations and audits for Governmental organizations (A-133).
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
Researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed.Reduced the open invoice cycle time from days developing new
dispute reporting procedures.
Experience
Performs routine accounting activities such as maintenance of the general ledger, preparation of various accounting statements and financial
reports and accounts payable or receivable functions.
Accounts Receivable experience with focus in Cash Application and/or Adjustments Process day to day AP; to include matching, reviewing
for proper approvals and G/L coding, researching and entering invoices.
HFM reporting including balance sheet profit and loss statement etc.
Run weekly checks, match, mail and file copies.
Prepare weekly cash requirements report.
Work closely with other departments and outside vendors.
Maintain vendor files.
Assist with month-end account reconciliations and journal entries.
Cross train with A/R to process invoices and deposits Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
May lead and direct the work of others.
Company Name
 
January 2016
 
to 
January 2016
 
Accountant
 
Maintain of Cash book.
Maintenance and Finalization of Annual account Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statement.
Billing And Realisation From Debtors Verification of Expenditure Bills and Traveling Bills.
Salary JV Verification.
Day to day office activity I hereby declare that all the facts mentioned above are true to the best of my knowledge.
Company Name
 
January 2016
 
to 
January 2016
 
Consultant
 
Prepare journal entries and ensure reconciliation are complete.
Review general ledger to ensure proper accounting is in place Process pay application invoice and payment.
General ledger Reconcilation and adjusting entries.
Reconcilation bank account accurately and in a timely manner with attention to unusal items that remain outstanding at monthend.
Upload bank statement and Bank revaluation in SAP.
Preparing financial reports in HFM (balance sheet, profit and loss statement, GR 55, Cycle run) Reviewing Balance sheet and profit and
loss statement.
Prepaid and accurual booking in monthed.
Monthend quaterend and year end reporting.
Intercompany reconciliation.
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE Vendor creation, edit and reconciliation Stock report preparion Invoice posting and verification in SAP tool.
Collect and maintain vendor W 9.
GR/IR 
clearing Automatic payment run in SAP.
3 way matching.
Inventory control and expensing.
Ixos invoicing with payment.Create purchase order.
Foreign currency Revaluation.
2)Working 
as Process Developer (Novartis Canada GL and AP) from 23.
Company Name
 
March 2009
 
to 
December 2012
Worked in several sub modules of Sap Financials: Accounts receivable, Accounts Payable, General Ledger, Banking.
Accounts Payable: Automated Payment Program (APP), Invoice Processing, IDOC, MIRO.
Vendor Master, Customer Master, General Ledger Master data.
Having good domain experience related to different functional module: Order 2 Cash (OTC), Procure 2 Pay (P2P), Buy 2 Pay (B2P) and
Invoice 2 Pay (I2P).
Dash board maintenance, Client handling, Query resolution, Bank Reconciliation.
Education
MBA (Finance and IT) *B.Com(Mgt Hons) Technical Qualifications *SAP FI 
Module
Diploma
 
: 
Computer Application
 
Computer Application
Personal Information
Date: 
Yours Sincerely, 
Place: 
Smruti Rekha singh.
Additional Information
Date: 
Yours Sincerely, 
Place: 
Smruti Rekha singh.
Skills
account reconciliations, accounting, accounts payable, Accounts Receivable, AP, Balance sheet, Bank Reconciliation, Banking, Billing, book,
Com, Client, edit, Finance, Financials, financial reports, Preparing financial reports, focus, functional, General Ledger, GL, Inventory control,
process invoices, Invoice Processing, invoicing, MBA, mail, office, Developer, profit and loss statement, coding, reporting, researching, SAP FI,
SAP