COMMUNITY ADVOCATE
Summary
Compassionat
 e social services professional and active listener dedicated to working tirelessly with clients to help them resolve mental health issues
and thrive on their own terms.Eager to learn
Â 
Highlights
30 hour Domestic Violence Training
Customer services training
Proficient in Microsoft Office: Excel/Word/PowerPoint/Publisher/Outlook
Type 50 WPM
Leadership Training
Mental Health Facilitator
Skilled DV Facilitator
Skilled Advocate
Violence prevention
Attentive listener
Sensitive
Empathetic
Detail-oriented
Excellent interpersonal skills
Accomplishments
Developed a 10 member supported partnership that helped victims of domestic violence get housed, gain skills, 
employment, and ongoing support
that resulted in sustainability.
Experience
Community Advocate
 
February 2015
 
to 
February 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Developed and maintained resources for walk-in clients with emergent needs.
Participated in additional training requirements in an effort to stay abreast for the ever changing rules and regulations associated with the
various governmental programs Interviewed clients about pressing issues including safety needs, food, clothing, housing, finances,
employment, and physical and mental health to determine nature of client need Helped identify inner capacities connecting to external
resources and resource systems Advocated and educated clients on housing and how to work through barriers that prevent housing.
Facilitated and Co-facilitate community support groups utilizing psycho education module Compiled records, collects data, and prepares
reports and conducted outcome measurements with assessment tools Organized and assisted with outreach and presentation including
resource tabling Ensured all services are adhered to confidentiality laws and standards and principles Advocacy Based Counseling
Participated in community committee teams which included task forces, and event planning Provided appropriate group boundaries assist
education our reach manager with program development, tracking and reporting Advocacy based counseling in accordance to WAC 388-
61A Chapter 70.123 RCW Created partnerships and collaborations that best suited clients at the YWCA On-Call Domestic Violence
Advocate/Intern for Children's Program /YWCA 2013 Performed crises intervention and safety planning Conducted shelter intake including
screening, interviews, orientation to shelter facilities.
Collected and entered client data and service data in computer system Supplied administrative support when needed Monitored alarms and
cameras and maintains the security of shelter entrances and performed safety through Modeled, explained and enforced shelter rules,
policies and procedures Communicates donation, volunteer or supply request appropriately Provided secure and sound structure of
activities that aligns with the vision of the YWCA through the use of communication and applied principles Helped contribute to meaningful
activities that provide an outlet of creativity that fosters ingenuity and leadership skills in youth.
Ensured shelter is neat, clean and in adherence with state and local health standards Supported the holistic healing, resilience, and
developmental growth of children/youth impacted by Domestic Violence and other trauma Developed, plans, and implements curriculum for
children ages 6-12 years, in conjunction with Children's Program Manager and other program staff.
Maintained a predictable and consistent rhythm in the program as well as expectations, boundaries and guidelines.
Helped children/youth develop their own safety plan and build safety skills.
Assisted children/youth with skill-development.
Adapted to changing program needs and available to work a flexible schedule, as needed Partnered with parents in supporting the overall
social, emotional, cognitive and developmental health of their children Assisted children/youth with skill-development and develops and
maintains a clean, orderly, developmentally rich and safe program space.
Maintained a caseload of 15 plus client case loads working under strict confidentiality and strict time limits
Consulted with other professionals regarding the treatment of specific clients.
Educated clients and their families regarding other community resources.
developed workable solutions for recurring problems for individuals and families.
Managed caseloads and acted as an advocate for client rightsProvided support to homeless clients, and connected them with community resources.
Volunteer Coordinator/Assistant Treasurer
 
September 2013
 
to 
June 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Recruited volunteers and publicized volunteer opportunities appropriately matching positions to volunteers.
Created and Managed a database for volunteers Participated in planning, implementation, of fund raising ideas and events Assisted in
keeping financial records of all PTA activities using QuickBooks Maintained continuous and direct communication with president and
treasurer Secured signatures on necessary documents Enforced risk management compliance Assist with preparation of semi-annual audits.
Administrative Assistant
 
January 2011
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Answered multi-lined phones Filed documents Updated database Created documents and dispersed them to various departments and
churches Set up presentations through PowerPoint Created and prepared materials for various events Provided data entry Took memos
sent and received correspondence Worked various computer programs/sorted mail.
Increased meeting efficiency by developing meeting agendas.
M
 aintained and organized master Resident Index and information files in master database.
Retention Specialist
 
January 2008
 
to 
January 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Answered and received calls in a timely manner Deescalated customer grievances Data Entry and processed payments Upgraded and sold
various packages Started, transferred, and disconnected services Retained clients.
Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.
Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes.
Maintained up-to-date records at all times.
Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.
Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.
Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.
Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow.
Education
Bachelor's Degree
 
: 
Human Services Management
 
, 
2017
 
University of Phoenix
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
King
Human Services Management In progress
Training at YWCA Domestic Violence agency
Skills
administrative support, Counseling, creativity, client, clients, Customer services, Data Entry, database, event planning, financial, fund raising,
leadership skills, Leadership Training, materials, mental health, Excel, mail, Microsoft Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher, Word, neat,
cameras, policies, presentations, program development, progress, QuickBooks, reporting, risk management, safety, sound, phones, trauma, Type
50 WPM, vision