MAINTENANCE SPECIALIST/TECHNICIAN
Summary
Military veteran and journeyman electrician seeking to retain current position as a maintenance specialist at TWPC. Served four years active duty
in a role of increasing responsibility and one year as a maintenance specialist at TWPC. Have prior experience in logistics and embarkation
management, electronics troubleshooting, electrical maintenance and preventative maintenance. Effective communicator and leader in the work
areas.
Highlights
Basic, Calibration, conversion, DC, Electronics, frame, Leadership, Logic, logistics, mathematics, office, Radar, reading, Safety, FM, supervisor,
switches, test equipment, troubleshoot, troubleshooting, verbal communication
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Maintenance Specialist/Technician
 
09/2014
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
Logistics & Embarkation Rep
 
10/2013
 
to 
07/2014
Prepared and shipped about 250 metric tons worth of military equipment on numerous operations to countries such as Australia, Thailand
and Guam.
Equipment had to be tied down at certain points and sometimes in complex ways to ensure proper restraint when loaded on an aircraft.
In charge of three Marines who occasionally were deployed to other countries.
Never missed a time frame for any of the 13 operations that we participated in.
Provided cleaning supplies, office supplies and other miscellaneous items for an entire squadron.
Without that support, the squadron would not have been able to operate.
Company Name
 
Aviation Electronics Technician
 
09/2011
 
to 
10/2013
Operated on and repaired around 200 pieces of gear used in F-18 fighter jets, EA-6B Electronic counter- measures jets, or AV-8B close
ground support jets.
Troubleshot components such as capacitors, resistors, diodes, switches and transistors on circuit boards that went into many different pieces
of gear.
Troubleshot and repaired several Reconfigurable Transportable Consolidate Automated Support System RTCASS) benches, which were
used to test all gear that is used in the military jets.
Accomplishments Became the Safety-supervisor for work center of 63 Marines.
Managed and supervised 12 Marines that performed maintenance on equipment, and three Marines that performed logistics and
embarkation operations.
Coordinated set up multiple events for an entire squadron of about 500 Marines.
Supplied entire same squadron with supplies for daily operations.
Education
CONSOLIDATED AUTOMATED SUPPORT SYSTEM (CASS) ADVANCED MAINTENANCE/CALIBRATION INTERMEDIATE
MAINTENANCE
 
October 2011
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Top 10% of class Upon completion of the course, became able to program, debug, install, and
verify the effectiveness of a software package (ATLAS) used to provide a consolidated response to testing requirements in an intermediate
aviation repair shop; and operate and repair a pneumatic generator, a device used to simulate air pressures experienced by an aircraft during flight.
DIPLOMA
 
November 2010
 
Sequoyah High School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Top 10% of class
 
Top 10% of class Top 10% of class Advanced
Electronics and Components - Pensacola, Florida Top 20% of class Upon completion of the course, became able to perform mathematics for
analysis of AC/DC circuits; understand and troubleshoot digital logic circuits; perform troubleshooting of AM and FM RF systems; and
troubleshoot transmi ers and receivers and antennas and waveguides.
HIGH POWER DEVICE TEST SUBSYSTEM/RADAR INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE
 
August 
2011
 
Common Core Intermediate
Maintenanace
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
Top 10% of class Upon completion of the course, became able to perform both scheduled and unscheduled
maintenance on an automated support system used at an intermediate level electronic repair facility. Top 10% of class Upon completion of the
course, became able to operate, test, and perform maintenance on the high power device test subsystem using applicable operational test program
sets. Military Schooling: September 2011 Fundamentals of Digital Logic by Correspondence Upon completion of the course, became able to
recognize number system organization and arithmetic operations found in digital system; fundamental logic elements and functions of digital systems,
i.e., AND, OR, NAND, and NOR gates; and electrical representations of logical functions. The student will be aware of monostable and bistable
effects of flip flops and the use of flip-flop circuitry in the serial counting function, parallel shift operation, parallel to serial, and serial to parallel
conversion. The summarize, upon completion, the student is prepared to learn troubleshooting techniques and schematic reading of digital systems
using integrated circuit logic chip gates, flip-flops, latches, and shift registers. RTCASS AN/USM702 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE
Skills
Basic, CALIBRATION, conversion, CPR certified, DC, Electronics, frame, Leadership, team leader, Logic, logistics, mathematics, office, Radar,
reading, Safety, FM, Security Clearance, supervisor, switches, test equipment, troubleshoot, troubleshooting, verbal communication