INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR
Experience
Information Technology Director
 
April 1999
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
For the past sixteen years I was a leader of change for the largest law firm in the Central Pennsylvania area with over 275 in office users at 6
locations and over 200 work from home users.
I was a visionary in regards to technical business operations, responsible for providing professional staff at various locations with efficient,
up-to-date, secure and stable voice and data communications on a daily basis within budget.
The ability to use good judgment, proven technologies and industry standards to balance ease of use with security.
I am a fast paced leader with the patience to oversee the maintenance of existing systems while at the same time plan the implementation of
new technologies in a cost efficient and timely manner.
I am both a professional team leader and player that has directly managed a staff of seven information technical professionals as well as
participating in many project implementation teams and initiatives.
I am experienced in many of the technical methods, tools and applications used in business operations with the ability to connect multiple
offices with highly secure and redundant Internet connections.
While at the firm I was able to receive better than competitive pricing for the circuits due to the quantity of services required as well as my
vendor negotiation skills.
I have the technical knowledge and experience required for the strategic planning and funding of annual and multi-year business operations.
My efforts have resulted in a direct costs savings in business operations.
Most recently, we implemented user provided smart phones and free apps to provide efficient digital dictation and provided mobile
capability to access our document management system.
I have a dedicated work ethic that is required to oversee day-to-day technical business operations updating and upgrading systems in use
while at the same time implementing new systems: Upgraded the firms bread-n-butter time and billing financial system several times.
Upgraded the Word Perfect Application Suite to the Microsoft Office 2000 Suite.
Upgraded Microsoft Office 2000 Suite to the Microsoft Office 2007 Suite.
Upgraded the GroupWise Messaging to Outlook Messaging.
Upgraded the Worldox document management system to Worldox GX3.
Upgraded the Audix voice messaging to Mutare voice messaging.
Assisted the Marketing department to implement a firm wide Client Relationship Management (CRM) system.
Setup up Voice Over Internet Protocols (VOIP) systems at two regional offices.
Implemented and upgraded many of100 technical applications and systems used at the firm on an as needed basis to improve efficiency.
Implemented several mobile applications on attorney personal devices to improve efficiency (VPN connectivity, RDP clients, Dictate digital
dictation, Dropbox, Microsoft Office Mobile Suite of applications, Linkedin, Business Card Scanner, Twitter, etc.) The firm experienced
minimum unplanned system downtime under my watch and my team and I oversaw and provided training on the many various applications,
processes and procedures used in business operations.
I am an experienced data security officer with the skills and knowledge to ensure data is adequately protected.
I was the firm's Security Officer and developed the technical security systems and procedures used in business operations.
It was an interesting responsibility due to the challenges with balancing "ease of use" while ensuring system and data "security." Every year
my team and I would oversee a mandatory HIPPA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) Program Review.
Every other year my team and I would facilitate a system wide vulnerability audit that included social engineering and vulnerability testing
techniques.
I am an experienced project manager with the skill set, knowledge and interpersonal tools required to ensure the timely and efficient
implementation of systems and applications.
I enjoy the aspects of project management as it involves "cradle to grave" involvement.
Interacting with the users to determine their technical and budget needs, interacting with vendors, communicating with my peers and self-
study to find the right technology to meet the need, testing the application and processes or feasibility and efficiency, documenting the
processes and procures involved, preparing user instructions and finally implementing and training users on the new system.
I appreciate the resources, processes and procedures required to ensure system efficiency and readiness.
At the firm most applications are hosted at the central office with the regional offices connecting with redundant Ethernet connections, this
saves on the cost of having data centers and support staff at each firm location.
My team and I have also authored the firm's business/continuity/disaster recovery plan for IT applications and systems.
The firm decided the priority and timeliness of systems and applications to recover.
I and my team have configured many IT systems to fail over to the backup systems automatically which is barely noticeable to users.
I served as either the project manager or as a team member in all of the examples expressed in my resume.
Education
Associate's Degree
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
HARRISBURG AREA COMMUNITY COLLEGE
 
Computer Information Systems
Associate's Degree
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Business Administration
MBA
 
: 
Leadership Program
 
ELIZABETHTOWN COLLEGE
 
Leadership Program
Various Technical Training Certification Courses and an honorably discharged Air Force Veteran.
Skills
Air Force, attorney, backup, balance, billing, budget, business operations, interpersonal, competitive, CRM, Client, clients, dictation, disaster
recovery, document management, Ethernet, fast, financial, GroupWise, Insurance, Internet Protocols, team leader, law, Marketing, Messaging,
access, Microsoft Office, office, Microsoft Office 2000, Outlook, negotiation, pricing, processes, project management, Relationship Management,Scanner, strategic planning, Technical Training, phones, upgrading, VPN, voice and data, VOIP, Word Perfect