DESKTOP SUPPORT ENGINEER
Profile
Dedicated System Center 2012 Administrator/Desktop Support Engineer with nine plus years in providing effective management and support
process. Administers and implements Global IT change management to forty cities domestically and 10 cities internationally. 
Effectively prioritizes
goals and performs under short deadlines to increase productivity without sacrificing quality. 
Proficient in the day-to-day Administration of System
Center Configuration Manager 2012 R2 (SCCM 2012). Provide technical support to staff and customers by responding and following-up on
internal and external customer support problems.
Core Qualifications
Windows 7 Image Deploying via SCCM 2012 R2.
Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 Patch Management.
Application Deploying.
Task Sequence Development.
Professional Experience
Desktop Support Engineer
 
August 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Develop, manage and maintain North Highland PC images, building, testing, manage inventory, PCs platform specifications through the
utilization of System Center Configuration Manager 2012 R2 (SCCM 2012).
Critical and Required Software and patch management for Windows 7 and some Windows Server 2008 utilizing SCCM2012 R2.
Operation System Deployment (OSD) and Application creation within SCCM2012 R2.
Work directly with the customers in order to ensure a quality solution is delivered and all issues are identified, escalated and resolved in a
proactive manner.
Review and optimize workflow, procedures, processes, and systems (call center, ticketing, reporting, and remote access) and tools.
Administer and manage Exchange mailboxes and distribution lists.
Assist with the migration and troubleshooting of Microsoft Office 365.
Coordinates and provides evaluations of proper escalation process for Application and network issues.
Advanced knowledge in repair and software requirements for Dell and Lenovo devices.
Designates software install and configurations for over a thousand computer systems globally.
Troubleshoots hardware and software for desktops for six departments domestically, and three internationally.
Performs upgrades to operating systems simultaneous logging, tracking, and resolving matters pertaining to network connectivity, printers,
and software application malfunctions.
Monitors, tracks and communicates the progress of assigned incidents until its closure.
Create and update trouble tickets as required by standard procedures.
Responsible for managing, maintaining and monitoring datacenter, server, network, LAN and WAN.
Responsibilities also include but not limited to providing 2nd and 3rd level support to internal and external users.
This involves network and server's problem identification and resolution by proactive response to alarms, reactive response to trouble calls
and coordination of repair activities with internal and external agencies.
Possess critical thinking and effective troubleshooting skills with ability to quickly and accurately determine the source of a problem, identify
possible solutions, select the most appropriate solution, and implement the solution in a timely manner.
Information Technology Technician
 
January 2011
 
to 
January 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Disassembled, troubleshot, and repaired the following PC hardware: 
Motherboards, processor, hard drive, floppy drive, CD drive, power
supply, IDE Cables, SATA Cables, fans, NICs, Video cards, sound cards, memory, keyboards, mouse, monitors, speakers.
Upgraded more than 100 computers with new Operating Systems (Windows 7).
Configured Computer Images for future deploy utilizing Windows Deployment Services (WDS), configured servers with new Operating
Systems (Windows Server 2008) and Hard Drive Devices Configured Email and Internet connectivity for end users.
Created users in Active Directory.
Aviation Ordinance Supervisor
 
January 1997
 
to 
January 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Supervised over 130 Navy personnel in the buildup, storage, and movement of Navy ammunitions Inspected, maintained and repaired
aircraft mechanical and electrical armament/ordnance systems Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage
facilities Managed accounting systems, rework of airborne weapons/systems/equipment, and conventional weapons qualification/certification
programs, afloat and ashore.
Performed requisition of, received, inspected, stored and issued ammunition; made reports for excesses, shortage or damages; conducted
inventories; reconciled and posted discrepancies; prepared and maintained Ammunition Transaction Reports or Transaction Item Reports as
required; inspected compliance with directives and applicable to Notice of Ammunition Reclassification Coordinated and expedited the flow
of work and materials within or between departments of an establishment according to production schedule.
Duties included reviewing and distributing production, work, and shipment schedules; conferred with department supervisors to determine
progress of work and completion dates; and compiled reports on progress of work, inventory levels, costs, and production problems.Supervised the inventory and accountability of Navy Assets.
Education
Bachelor of Computer Science
 
: 
Network Security
 
ECPI University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Network Security
Certifications
Microsoft Cerified Profesional
Skills
accounting systems, Active Directory, Cables, CD, change management, hardware, critical thinking, Client, Customer Service, customer support,
Dell, desktops, Email, Hard Drive, IDE, Internet connectivity, inventory, LAN, managing, materials, mechanical, memory, access, Exchange,
Exchange Server, Microsoft Office, Windows 7, Windows, migration, weapons, Monitors, Motherboards, Navy, Networking I, Network, NICs,
Operating Systems, PC hardware, personnel, power supply, printers, processes, progress, quality, reporting, Routers, servers, sound cards,
Switches, technical support, troubleshooting, upgrades, Video cards, WAN, workflow