EMPLOYEE RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Summary
Human Resources partner with areas of expertise in employee relations, Affirmative Action, recruitment, diversity, employee training and analytics.
A student of Wells Fargo's Leadership Compentencies, exhibits leadership behaviors that contribute to business success, risk management and a
sustained positive reputation as a premier financial institution and employer of choice.
Highlights
Interviewing expertise
Performance management strategies
Staffing and recruiting professional
Employment law knowledge
Employee relations
Manager coaching and training
HRIS applications proficient
Employee handbook development
Accomplishments
Recipient, Isaacson Scholarship for Graduate Work in Education and Rising Star Award
B.S. in History - Recipient, Young Hispanic Leadership Scholarship
Led the Staffing Planning Committee for [Number] years.Introduced the first passive Open Enrollment process.Created a rewards and incentive
program that was cited as the driving force behind branch employee retention rate of [Number]%.Transitioned the sales program into full
compliance.
Experience
Employee Relations Consultant
 
June 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for managing the employee relations functions for multiple business lines and business groups undergoing significant change.
Responsible for designing and executing proactive employee relations plans and programs in accordance with internal policy and labor-law
requirements with an acute focus on risk management strategies. Partner with all levels of business leadership and partners throughout the
HR community to identify and resolve extremely complex issues requiring an evaluation of data and intangible varying factors.
Quickly attained increasing level of responsibility growing doubling my team within four months to manage a team of 8 consultants. This
entire team is virtually located across the United States and provides strategic support to all business lines throughout CLG.
Provide fluid and strategic ER support to multiple lines of business which includes sales, collections and operations while quickly learning
and apply the complex compliance and regulatory environments that govern various products and business practices. Serve as secondary
code administrator for CCS and Dealer Services.
Provide direct consultative support and ER related reporting to executive level leaders of Dealer Services and Consumer Credit Solutions
(CCS) and Risk and Compliance. CLG ER representative at executive level business meetings.
CLG's ER representative on enterprise committees including the ER Business Process Forum and ER Insights and Analytics actively
contributing to the development of business processes that guide ER consultation in areas of wage and hour investigations, fact finding
documentation in HRHD and the expanded scope of ER in the displacement process. In 2013, contributed to the development of the
current quarterly ER reporting templates and currently involved in Phase II of an enterprise driven ER reporting structure.
Created and led the team-based execution of ER training strategy for Dealer Services' production and operations teams in both a face-to-
face and virtual learning environments.
As part of HR 2.0 - a key HR strategic initiative for CLG to create a more effective and efficient HR team - selected to lead the Capability
Work stream comprised of various level of leaders from different HR groups. This team will deploy the HR Engagement Principles,
Customer Excellence resources and Performance Consulting training initiative 4Q14 and 1Q15.
Partnered with HRBP to influence and create an escalation process for the Dealer Services matrix organization. Los Angeles, California
5/2011 - 6/2013 Support the company's value of People as a Competitive Advantage by supporting leaders to attract, develop, retain and
motivate team members; provide tools and resources needed to succeed in their work; and influence a culture of responsibility and
accountability for their businesses and functions. Experience supporting Home Lending group, Consumer Credit Solutions group, Dealer
Services and former Wells Fargo Financial group.
Volunteered to support a new business group to CLG providing an opportunity to partner with the HR team to create a change management
plan to implement a One Wells Fargo approach to employment policy and decisions. Leadership responsibility for introducing Wells Fargo
Provided counsel to employees and all levels of management on workplace issues encompassing a diverse scope of situations requiring
strong knowledge and application of policy, procedures and labor law.
Exercised judgment based on experience and policy knowledge to recommend solutions to resolve workplace concerns or identify trends
adversely affecting leadership and team member experience.
Equal Employment Opportunity Consultant, Corporate Employee Relations
 
April 2001
 
to 
October 2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Wells Fargo Bank - San Francisco, California 4/2001 - 10/2005 Developed, implemented and monitored company's affirmative action
programs to ensure compliance with government regulations and consult with managers and HR professionals regarding AA/EEO policies
and practices. Investigated and responded to charges of discrimination and represented the company in the agency investigation, medication
and/or settlement process directly with state and federal enforcement agencies, business partners and legal partners.
Created, developed and implemented the first enterprise-wide database for tracking and business specific charge activity reporting
responsive to business need-to-know of charge activity and settlement activityPrepared and evaluated compensation reviews, EEO-1 reports, adverse impact analysis, goals progress reports and under-utilization
reports to identify risk and provide recommendations to business and HR partners to address potential risk. Consulted on how to use
reports to evaluate bench-strength
Developed and delivered training regarding AA and charge process including coordinating annual Plan Writers Conference focused on
OFCCP regulation changes and their impact to company's plan process
Corporate Diversity and Community Outreach Manager
 
April 2000
 
to 
August 2001
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for creating and implementing innovative employment strategies to establish a diverse candidate pool responsive to different
business staffing needs. Included developing and fostering relationships with professional and management recruitment agencies, community
organizations and schools.
Managed budget and program development of the Wells Fargo Summer Internship Program
Coordinated enterprise participation at national recruiting events such as NSHMBA, NBMBA
Expanded recruiting relationships with organizations representing diverse segments of candidates and aligned those segments with business
need
Managed Summer Interns within Employment Services group
Recruiting Manager
 
December 1999
 
to 
April 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed a team responsible for developing and implementing staffing programs for the Manager and Supervisor Training Program in CBG.
CBG was re-organized in April 2000 and the recruiting program was eliminated.
Changed recruiting strategy to focus on local and national community colleges to align business staffing needs to its mid-level supervisor and
manager training program
Managed program participants and initiated a functional rotational aspect to program experience
Aligned recruiting process with corporate recruiting standards
Education Specialist
 
January 1996
 
to 
January 1999
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Partnered with teaching and support staff to provide proactive programs focused
on developing academic and social skills for college students with diverse backgrounds. Served as an adjunct instructor in Foreign Languages and
First Year Seminar. Directed Summer Scholars Program, Early Monitoring Program and WideningOurWorld Technology Program. Responsible
for training and managing a team of students during the University's Orientation Programs. Leadership Positions as Advisor for Latin American
Students, founding member of first Latina Sorority on campus and Chancellor's Commission for the Status of Women.
Education
M.S.
 
: 
Counseling, Higher Education
 
University of Nebraska
 
University of Nebraska M.S. in Counseling / Concentration: Higher Education
Administration â—​ Recipient, Isaacson Scholarship for Graduate Work in Education and Rising Star Award â—​ Omicron Delta Kappa
Leadership Organization
B.S.
 
: 
History
 
B.S. in History - Recipient, Young Hispanic Leadership Scholarship Service and Development
Certifications
CCS
Affiliations
Society of Human Resources Management
Skills
Employee Relations, Hr, Training, Credit, Solutions, Accountability For, Change Management, Labor Law, Lending, Proactive, Self Motivated,
Affirmative Action, Compensation, Database, Discrimination, Eeo, Equal Employment Opportunity, Ofccp, Office Of Federal Contract
Compliance Programs, Progress, Instructor, Teaching, Collections, Documentation, Executive Level, Fact, Fact Erp, Hr Business Partner, Hrbp,
Operations, Risk Management, Sales, Trading, Virtual Learning, Recruiting, Staffing, Budget, Community Outreach, Recruiting Events,
Recruitment, Human Resources, Human Resources Management, Mentoring, Premier, San, Storage Area Network, Aspect, Corporate
Recruiting, Its, Award