PRACTICE MANAGER
Education and Training
Certificate of Completion: Health Information Technology - Coding Certificate Program
 
Rowan College of Burlington County
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
MA
 
: 
Administrative Management/Public Administration
 
Administrative Management/Public Administration
BA
 
: 
Social Science/Political Science
 
Bowie State University Clarion University of Pennsylvania
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Social Science/Political Science
Skill Highlights
Professional Summary
Strategic healthcare professional with over 10 years in Operations Leadership: Medical Practice Management, Hospital Administration,
Behavioral Health, and Medicare Services
Core Qualifications
Patient Centered Quality Home
Population Health Management
Medicare and Medicaid Services
Regulatory Compliance
Performance and Quality Improvement
Electronic Health Records
Reimbursement Methodologies
ICD-10-CM, ICD-10-PCS, HCPCS (CPT-4)
Medical Terminology
Anatomy and Physiology
Accountable Care Organization
Revenue Cycle
Meaningful Use
Health, Disability, and Life Insurance
Physician Quality Reporting System Microsoft Office Suite, Lawson, IDX, EPIC, NextGen, DocuTap, Virtual Physician Assistant (VPA),
Business Objects, Navinet, Medview, SAM, STATT, Press Ganey, Hyperion, Infoview, Patient Safety Net, SharePoint.
Professional Affiliations
American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA), 2014-current American Society for Quality (ASQ), 2013-current American
College of Health Care Executives (ACHE), 2006-current. 2 Amoge Omeronye
Professional Experience
Practice Manager
 
January 2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage administrative operations in a "patient centered medical home practice (PCMH) model for quality and safety, accessible services,
coordinated, and comprehensive care.
Complete and comply with different payer quality reporting measures.
Provide hands-on operational support to employees for optimal customer service.
Revised, developed, and restructured workflow for continuous quality improvement and desirable outcomes.
Address patient complaints immediately for service recovery.
Investigate and resolve charge discrepancies and billing matters.
Train, and educate employees in areas of improvement, through staff meetings, individual supervision, and rounding.
Employee professionalism and engagement have shown significant improvement.
Ensure healthy and safe environment of care through system and facility maintenance.
Educate employees on the organization's clinical policies and procedures, and healthcare regulations.
Improved EHR documentation, including appropriate and timely completion and update of care guidelines, patient communication, provider
inbox and provider approval queue (PAQ).
Healthcare Operations Professional
 
September 2012
 
to 
January 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provide professional advice and recommendations for healthcare providers to overcome challenging operational problems.
Streamline the complexities of the day-to-day operations to drive short and long-term financial growth.
Assess workplace health, safety and wellness processes in which employees work, and the physical factors that support or hinder
productivity and employee health.
Initiate and develop strategies for agency-wide commitments, appropriate safety and health training; and the development of standardized
policies and procedures.
Foster an environment where strong and professional relationships thrive.
Improve quality of care through continuous quality improvement activities.
Train and develop clinical staff, management, and support staff on current healthcare regulations and requirements.
Provide clients with healthcare exchange-based products and services.
Educate and enroll benefit recipients in various Medicare Plans.
Senior Practice Manager
 
January 2008
 
to 
July 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
StateManaged day-to-day operations of 3 practice locations in gynecology, gynecologic surgery, obstetrics, and maternal and fetal medicine.
Provided operational leadership for 40 FTEs, including medical practitioners and support staff.
Successfully managed the practice finances and revenue cycle, including 50,000 annual RVUs and 
$9M appropriate in-patient and out-
patient billing.
Reduced billing errors by 15%.
Facilitated monthly financial meetings to analyze detailed monthly financial reports.
Provided root causes and resolutions for variances.
Developed practice budgets, of which ended favorably by 8.5% for 3 consecutive years following inception of position.
Monitored and maintained regulatory compliance and requirements: staff onboarding, appointment and credentialing, training, best practices,
professional licenses and certifications, continuous medical education (CME) credits, OSHA, HIPAA, PHI, CMS guidelines, labor laws,
etc.
Successfully led the practice conversion from IDX to EPIC Ambulatory Practice Management (APM) and Electronic Medical Records
(EMR) systems.
Developed and implemented clinical improvement projects and innovative programs; formed the practice clinical effectiveness and quality
improvement (CEQI) team for quality control and improvement, and risk management.
Defined and implemented innovative measurements of performance standards that improved practice efficiencies.
Performed practice evaluations and audits for organizational and regulatory compliance.
Maintained patient and customer focus, safe, and friendly environment of care.
Partnered and collaborated with corporate and clinical leadership, physicians and mid-level practitioners.
Increased staff motivation and engagement through individual staff supervision, on-site training, in-services, and performance award system.
Staff turnover was at an all-time of 2%, and staff training and educational compliance at 97% -100%.
Replaced costly temporary/agency hours, with more cost-effective skilled personnel.
Monitored databases to keep track of practice inventory.
Managed practice facilities, leases, and vendor contracts.
Program Administrator
 
October 2005
 
to 
July 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Provided operational leadership for the divisions of Nephrology, Pulmonology, and 6 satellite locations.
Managed a clinical team of attending physicians, nurse practitioners, fellows, clinical and administrative support staff.
Maintained regulatory compliance, on-boarded new fellows, attending physicians, and mid-level practitioners.
Conducted operational audits, and ensured readiness for The Joint Commission reaccreditation, and the Department of Health inspection.
Provided on-site staff training and development of personnel.
Mentored front-line leaders and supervisors.
Developed and implemented new patient scheduling guidelines that led to improvements in clinic flow, and coordination of care.
This became a standard for the Call Center, and a model for managers.
Developed department budgets, coordinated research and grants.
Implemented a step-down inpatient program, freeing up beds for very sick patients.
Revised department policies and procedures.
Performed analysis to address patient billing and reconciliation, which led to improvement in capturing and resolving charge inefficiencies.
Skills
APM, administrative, administrative support, Streamline, Anatomy, agency, Behavioral Health, billing, budgets, Business Objects, Call Center,
clinical leadership, CMS, contracts, conversion, CPT, clients, customer service, databases, Department of Health, documentation, Electronic
Health Records, Electronic Medical Records, staff training, facility maintenance, financial, financial reports, focus, grants, gynecology, Health
Information Technology, Hyperion, ICD-10, inspection, Insurance, inventory, Lawson, Leadership, Regulatory Compliance, Medical
Terminology, meetings, exchange, Microsoft Office Suite, 97, SharePoint, obstetrics, organizational, Patient Safety, personnel, Physiology,
policies, Press, processes, Coding, Quality, Quality Improvement, quality control, reporting, research, risk management, safety, scheduling, staff
supervision, Strategic, supervision, surgery, workflow