ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
Summary
Previously doing executive administrative work; experienced in multiple work settings: 
maintenance, marketing, finance, health care, customer
service, hospitality, educational 
and instructional; also achieving artistic experience work as a Choreographer, Dancer, 
Videographer, Producer,
and Professor; culturally aware and diverse having traveled 
internationally; philanthropy work serving as a board member for various non-profit
organizations, volunteering at hospitals, and being active within the community. 
I, Annika Kay, at age 33 now, have done and experienced a great
deal at a young age; I 
am well equip to take on just about any task presented to me and I am extremely 
capable and eager to learn that which I do
not know yet. I am a professional individual 
who is always able to meet deadlines, polite, positive, considerably responsible and 
quite astute as
well as logical and rational; And strive to maintain both humility and 
kindness in all that I do.
Skills
Final Cut Pro proficient, motion, live-type, camera operation, editing.
Computer: Microsoft Office, Excel, Power Point, Quickbooks, Creative Suite, html, 120
wpm, 10-key proficient, online databases, filing and back-up drives, troubleshooting,
web-design and graphic design.
Writing: copy writing, letters, grants, project proposals, spreadsheets, cost analysis,
memos, budget reports, meeting minutes, job descriptions, policies and procedures,
handbooks, etc.
Experience
12/2012
Assistant Director
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
March 2016 
Supervisor: Ed Huddleston, Director of Plant Operations x2268 (may call for reference) 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION: Assist
in the oversight of Plant Operation services; provide information 
and serve as a resource to department Administrator(s) and staff; achieve
defined objectives by 
assisting in planning, evaluating, developing, implementing and maintaining services in 
compliance with established
guidelines, codes, and regulations; and supervising and directing 
assigned staff.
DETAILED DESCRIPTION: 
- Assesses incidents, complaints, etc as needed and/or assigned (e.g.
building break-ins, utility 
problems, etc.) for the purpose of resolving or recommending a resolution to the situation.
Assists in the development and monitoring of department budget allocations, expenditures, 
fund balances and related financial activities for
the purpose of ensuring that allocations are 
accurate, revenues are recorded, expenses are within budget limits and/or fiscal practices are
followed.
Assists, as needed and/or assigned, in the personnel management of department employees 
(e.g.
selection of new hires, promotions, terminations, transfers, supervision, discipline, 
training, etc.
for the purpose of maintaining staffing needs and productivity of the work force.
Collaborates with internal and external personnel (e.g.
department and District 
administrators, auditors, public agencies, community members, construction managers, 
architects, vendors, etc.) for
the purpose of implementing and/or maintaining services and 
programs.
Coordinates hazardous material (asbestos) containment and/or removal for the purpose of 
ensuring that campus is kept in a safe and
effective manner and that all relevant legal 
regulations and guidelines are complied with.
Facilitates and/or participates in meetings and workshops, etc.
for the purpose of identifying 
issues, developing recommendations, supporting other staff, and serving as a District 
representative.
Inspects aspects of new construction, repair work, projects, equipment, work orders, daily 
maintenance and supplies for the purpose of
ensuring that jobs are completed efficiently, 
specifications are within regulatory requirements and inspection reports and payment requests
are correct.
Monitors campus and department safety and preventative maintenance programs for the 
purpose of ensuring school is maintained in a safe
condition and in compliance with 
OSHA/TOSHA requirements.
Prepares a wide variety of written materials (e.g.
correspondence, memos, reports, 
policy/procedures, budget, etc.) for the purpose of documenting activities, providing written 
reference,
and/or conveying information.
Presents information for the purpose of communicating information, gaining feedback and 
ensuring adherence to established internal
controls.
Researches new products, laws, regulations, etc.
for the purpose of recommending purchases, 
contracts and proper maintenance of campus wide services.
Responds to emergency situations during and after standard hours for the purpose of 
resolving immediate safety concerns.
SEPT 2012- 
Instructor/After School Program Specialist, Idyllwild Elementary School (951) 659-0750 JAN 2013 
Supervisor: Sue -
Director of After School Program.
Assisted children with their homework; planned and supervised activities; provided 
instruction, maintain order and safety among children,
Page 2 AUG 2011- 
Admin.
Assist/Substitute Dance Instructor, Dance Dept of Idyllwild Arts Academy JULY 2012.
Supervised and tended to all dance students relating to injuries, concerns, questions, 
and moral support; taught dance classes; videographer
for events and auditions; 
typed, filed, organized all documents.
06/2011
Owner/Artistic Director
 
City
 
, 
State
Taught and Instructed children from ages 3-16 and adults ages 18-65 in areas of 
Modern, Jazz, Hip-Hop, Ballet, Tap, Tribal Fusion,Taught and Instructed children from ages 3-16 and adults ages 18-65 in areas of 
Modern, Jazz, Hip-Hop, Ballet, Tap, Tribal Fusion,
Stretch, and Cardio; producer for all 
performances, supervised students, book keeping, billing, maintenance.
06/2009
Office Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
06/2010
Company Name
Billing, accounts payable/receivable; scheduling; documentation; meet with parents 
and students regarding any concerns, questions,
explanations with their lessons or 
instructors; JAN 2009- 
Video/Media Director, California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) - Valencia, CA
MAY 2009.
Taught video production courses in Dance Dept, supervised video assistant and crew, 
maintain, re-order, care, instruction, organization of
all video/media equipment, set-up 
of all equipment and live edit within the theater for performances, updating and 
restoring the archive vault,
documenting all performances, oversight of all video/media 
work within the dept.
SmARTS Program - Idyllwild Elementary School.
Taught art courses for all levels K-8th: capoeira, drumming, acting and improv, dance 
styles including hip-hop, jazz, salsa, African, waltz,
and swing.
Assisted in fundraiser events and participated in holiday caroling in hospitals.
Education and Training
2007
MFA
Master's of Fine Arts
 
California Institute of the Arts
2003
BA
Bachelor of Arts
 
California State University of Fullerton (CSUF)
2000
HS Diploma
 
Orange County Educational Arts Academy
Interests
Gave demonstrations and open instruction for multiple dance styles that coincided 
with the concert in the park series. 
Isis Theater Company 
Â·
Stage manager, lighting design/operator, audio design, videographer, fundraising, 
served as Board Member. 
Art Alliance of Idyllwild 
Â·
Organized, set-up, and help ran events, public announcer, served as Board Member. 
Page 3 
Various Finnish Organizations 
Finnish Lutheran
Church, Los Angeles Finlandia Foundation, Los Angeles 
Scandinavian Foundation, National Finlandia Foundation, The Ladies of the 
Kalevala,
Finnish Club of North Hollywood.
Activities and Honors
Golden Key International Honor Society
Member of Dean's List and National Dean's List
Volunteer for:
CHOC Hospital
Los Angeles Finlandia Foundation
American Scandinavian Foundation
Wellspring Wellness Association
Peace of Mind Mental Health
Additional Information
Community Arts Network (CAN) 
Â· Gave demonstrations and open instruction for multiple dance styles that coincided 
with the concert in
the park series. 
Isis Theater Company 
Â· Stage manager, lighting design/operator, audio design, videographer, fundraising, 
served as Board
Member. 
Art Alliance of Idyllwild 
Â· Organized, set-up, and help ran events, public announcer, served as Board Member. 
Page 3 
Various
Finnish Organizations 
Finnish Lutheran Church, Los Angeles Finlandia Foundation, Los Angeles 
Scandinavian Foundation, National
Finlandia Foundation, The Ladies of the 
Kalevala, Finnish Club of North Hollywood. AWARDS / SCHOLARSHIPS / HONORS
Member of Golden Key International Honor Society CSUF (2003) 
Member of National Dean's List CSUF (2000-2003) 
Distinguished
Scholar Award (2000) 
GSE Recognition in Excellence in Chemistry and Reading & High Honor Roll (2000) 
Awarded the Ahmanson Grant
for choreographic work. (2007) 
Honored a position on the Interdisciplinary Project Committee. Selects and delegates grant expenditures to
project proposals by students at CalArts. 
Awarded the Video/Media Assistantship at CalArts (2006) 
Honored as distinguished scholar,
presented a speech, representing the dance department at the 
graduation commencement ceremony (May 2003) Awarded a small
scholarship fund for the recognition. 
SCHOLARSHIPS 
Christine Lyon Fund Dance Scholarship (CSUF - Fall 2000) 
Robert Christianson
Dance Scholarship (CSUF - Spring 2001) 
Edith Morgan Dance Scholarship (CSUF - Fall 2001) 
Robin Johnson Dance Scholarship
(CSUF - Spring 2002) 
Robert Christianson Dance Scholarship (CSUF - Fall 2002) 
Richard Willis Dance Scholarship (CSUF - Spring
2003) 
Front and Center Scholarship (CSUF 2001) 
Los Angeles Finlandia Foundation scholarship recipient (2001) to attend CSUF for
Dance. 
National Finlandia Foundation (2002) to attend CSUF for Dance.
Skills
10-key, accounts payable, Arts, art, back-up, Billing, book keeping, budget, CA, contracts, copy writing, cost analysis, databases, directing,
documentation, editing, edit, filing, Final Cut Pro, financial, grants, html, inspection, Inspects, instruction, Instructor, legal, letters, Director,
materials, meetings, Excel, Microsoft Office, Power Point, Monitors, new construction, personnel, personnel management, camera, policies,
Researches new products, producer, proposals, Quickbooks, safety, scheduling, spreadsheets, staffing, Supervisor, supervising, supervision,
swing, troubleshooting, type, Video, video production, Videography, videographer, web-design and graphic design, workshops, written