INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Summary
Dedicated 
Information Assurance Professional
 Â well-versed in analyzing and mitigating risk and finding cost-effective solutions. Excels at boosting
performance and productivity by establishing realistic goals and enforcing deadlines.Â  Versatile IT professional with 37 years of Enterprise design
and engineering methodology.
Skills
Enterprise platforms
Knowledge of Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Project tracking
Hardware and software upgrade planning
Product requirements documentation
Self-directed
MS Visio
Decisive
Collaborative
Domain Active Directory Layout
Data storage engineering
Information Assurance
Risk Management Framework (RMF)
Active Directory design and deployment
Workstation build and deployment
Systems Accreditation Packages
Red Hat Enterprise Linux installation and hardening
Network Design & Troubleshooting
Â High Performance Computing
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Information Technology
 
02/2011
 
to 
Current
I was hired to manage accreditation efforts for a major department modernization project involving 3 accreditation packages each leading to
successful Authorization To Operate decisions. 
Responsibilities then increased to include all departmental accreditation efforts leading to another 3
successful ATOs. 
Now, working on 4 new accreditation including re-authorization for an existing project. 
Succeeded in writing and implementing
vulnerability management for existing accredited systems. 
Success of the accreditation hinged on coordination with ONI Enterprise in critical design
decisions and to help the program integrate smoothly into the Enterprise thru many meetings, analyzing the Enterprise business model to understand
the best fit for the program. 
The different projects required careful management of specific STIG compliance and hardening for the different
configurations and services required for the specific domain to be integrated.Â Â 
 Analyzed complex computer systems to assess vulnerability and
risk.Â Â 
 
Supervised 
5
 
external computer consultants and vendors.Â Â 
 
Managed application patches, data backup, security changes and
network configuration.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Systems Engineer
 
02/2006
 
to 
02/2011
I was Hired to initiate processing strategies in fulfilling department analyst requirements. 
Requirements were fulfilled thru i
 dentifying product
problems and strengths and collected data on customer experienceÂ 
 and review of Enterprise compliance to transition to new technology for
supporting new processing needs thru proper processing power.Â  The next challengeÂ  came as storage requirements for better performance and
more controlled uses. 
After careful study of local infrastructure design, a local storage with off the shelf solutions was adopted to grow local
storage to over 200TB. 
In using this solution, the department saved just over a million dollars in purchasing and maintenance costs compared to the
alternative. Next came requirements to improve processing of future big data formats fulfilled in a Red Hat Linux high compute cluster I designed,
purchased and accredited for operation in the Enterprise.Â  Improvement on big data analytical processing reduced time from 30 hours to 30
minutes as well as allow for more robust data thru higher selections of sensors, frequencies and range than allowed thru the traditional process.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Systems Analyst
 
02/1999
 
to 
02/2006
I was hired to improve corporate and client communications and processing requirements which resulted in the design, build and deployment of 3
Enterprise network solutions. 
One solution resulted in expanding capabilities to supporting Washington Navy Yard, Norfolk Virginia and Hawaii
support facilities. 
Fulfilled requirements for detecting crucial network software/hardware weaknesses and developing preventive strategies and
solutions for avoiding interruptions and increasing system security thru documenting system layouts, wiring diagrams and addressing schema to
understand layouts and make informed solutions to upper management. 
Education and Training
Associate of Science
 
:
 
Electronic Engineering
 
1980
 
Florence Darlington Technical School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Electronic Engineering.Â Â 
Dean'sÂ list for high GPA.Â 
Class President for second year
Skills
Active Directory
Hardware Engineering
Information Technology
Red Hat Enterprise Linux Servers
MS Windows Servers
MS Windows Desktop
Network Design & Troubleshooting
Architectural Diagrams
Accreditation Boundarys
Risk Management
Enterprise Strategies
Vendor Relations
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML
Team WorkCollaboration