SENIOR HR MANAGER, HR BUSINESS PARTNER
Summary
A highly dedicated and accomplished human resources manager with a record of proficiency in employee relations, training and development
programs, recruitment and on boarding, payroll management, benefits administration, HRMS Database administration, job description
development, wage/salary reviews, record keeping, and compliance. 
A proven leader in championing company values, vision, and expectations
through effective communication and facilitation. 
Aligns HR strategy with business objectives, assesses and anticipates HR-related needs,
communicates proactively within global HR teams and management, and seeks to develop highly effective integrated HR solutions.
Experience
Senior HR Manager, HR Business Partner
 
January 2014
 
to 
January 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
HR Manager
 
January 2012
 
to 
January 2013
Quality Service Manager, HR Manager
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Transferred from PEO model to full service payroll and benefits set up, including RFP for various payroll and benefits vendors, interviewing
for best fit, completing implementation phase, and working through follow up issues such as workers comp placement, tax set up in 15
states and five localities, setting up FSA and commuter benefits plans, ensuring smooth transition of background check and drug testing, and
facilitating smooth payroll transition.
Built and managed HR function across U.S.
and Canadian locations, including full cycle bi-weekly payroll, policy creation and development, training and development programs,
developing employee handbook, safety/compliance training, employee induction/orientation programs, and employee appraisal/review
processes.
Oversaw life cycle benefits renewal process, including meeting with various insurance brokers on plan variations, presenting findings to
senior management, coordinating open enrollment info sessions, and answering questions.
Processed all new-hire, benefits, leave termination, and payroll paperwork, ensuring 100% compliance with various laws and regulatory
mandates and serving as primary contact person answering management/staff questions.
Provided guidance and input on U.S.
and Canadian workforce planning, succession planning, compensation, and benchmarking, while maximizing central areas of excellence to
build pipeline of readily available top talent.
Drove performance management, talent review, succession planning, and training and development.
Partnered with business unit directors to roll out all key people processes such as performance management, compensation, benefits, and
development programs, as well as identifying training needs for business units and individual executive coaching needs.
Prepared monthly lunch and learns on manager specific topics via in-person training and/business skype sessions.
Established, implemented, and maintained policies and practices for assisting employees and families relocating by managing visa process for
all expats transferring from global sites, including coordination of visa documentation coordination, control of relocation costs, and
minimization of work disruption for employee and organization.
Achieved benefits cost reduction of 15% due to move from PEO to full service benefits.
Managed retender process of Canadian benefits to see 22% cost savings annually.
Forged global partnership across HR function to deliver value added service to management and employees reflecting business objectives of
organization.
Earned 2013 individual award for global excellence.
Assistant Property Manager
 
January 2007
 
to 
January 2010
 
Company Name
Oversaw fire life safety program, including all building financial/operational components, interaction with all tenants, new construction and
renovations, permitting and code compliance, and numerous other contracted vendors available for emergency recovery.
Coordinated all engineer safety training with each assistant chief engineer each month for required OSHA safety training, including
administering training, tracking attendance, and ensuring compliance.
Supervised recruitment and management of service coordinator staff, including orientation, training and development, employee issues,
performance reviews, and work delegation.
Completed "green" initiatives, including assisting in LEED certification process, Energy Star applications for two office buildings, recycling
program implementation, submitting campus for BOMA 360 designation, and all tenant events promoting campus as "green" campus.
Education
M.B.A
 
: 
Human Resource Management
 
, 
2011
 
University of Houston
 
Human Resource Management
B.B.A
 
: 
Management
 
Management
B.B.A
 
: 
Marketing
 
, 
2006
 
Marketing
Affiliations
Society of Human Resource Management New York City Society of Human Resource Management
Skills
benchmarking, benefits, bi, cost reduction, documentation, engineer, executive coaching, senior management, financial, FSA, HR, insurance,
managing, office, new construction, payroll, performance reviews, performance management, permitting, policies, presenting, processes, program
implementation, recruitment, renovations, RFP, safety, tax