MANAGER OF GOLF OPERATIONS
Career Focus
Innovative and creative business leader with a proven track record in managing business operations on a large scale from conception to launch,
while driving brand growth and improving sales. Experienced manager recognized for building strong client and customer relationships while
leveraging excellent negotiating skills to achieve brand success. Respected business manager with extensive experience in the golf industry adept at
identifying emerging trends and opportunities. Passionate business development specialist, skilled in impacting the visibility, profitability, and
performance of the brand through orchestration of competitive market intelligence. Track record of developing highly successful campaigns within
budget, on schedule and surpassing corporate goals. Excellence in creating and managing revenue streams. Adept at leading by example,
marshaling resources and creating professional atmosphere to accomplish objectives. Effective communicator with strong motivational skills and the
ability to support operational goals and meet business team objectives. Exceptionally skilled professional with demonstrated excellence in building
and driving superior operation success, and strategic planning. Champion at program/project development operations. Analytical, intuitive expert
with proven record of reaching target customers and identifying emerging trends.
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Â 
Business Operations * Customer Service * Marketing & Sales * Communication Negotiations * Administrative Management * Staff Supervision
* Workflow Optimization * Productivity Improvement * Project Management * Technical Troubleshooting * Quality Control * Adaptive *
Business Development * Operations Management * P&L * Brand Development * Vendor Relations Market Trends * Professionalism * Team
Leadership * Strategic Analysis * Territory Development * Analysis & Planning * Resource Optimization * Cost Reductions * Strong work ethic
* Continuous Improvement
Summary of Skills
Photoshop, ImageReady, MS Project, MS Office (Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint)
Web/Multimedia: ColdFusion, Flash, search optimization, Web server administration, content management systems
Professional Experience
Manager of Golf Operations
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Spearheaded the management of daily operations necessary to maintain profitable, golf facility for a corporation.
Strategically utilized strong understanding of Marketing, Event Management and Sales to drive revenue for golf operation Developed and
launched integrated, multi-channel packet, catalog, web and direct marketing campaigns that propelled sales from $700K (2012) to a
projected $1.2M by 2013 year-end.
Led market launch of 21 new products.
Identified opportunities, researched new product possibilities, collaborated with team and created campaigns generating $500K in sales.
Created Web transformation from previously archaic intranet into a dynamic website improving communication.
Wrote catalogs, course guides and training brochures that enhanced the sales reps' understanding of complex product features and services
to help our membership.
Showed enthusiasm while performing ongoing customer/market research and demographic profiling to identify and capitalize on unmet
market needs to get and retain members.
Leveraged strengths in cost-effective marketing management and account negotiations to end each year an average of 15% under budget
(without compromising business growth goals).
Banking Officer
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Developed relationships with business-to-business clients.
Used an integrated approach to create balanced programs for clients to build their respective brands and businesses using FirstBank
financing.
Selected Accomplishments: Managed FirstBank branch location's tellers, cashiering, front office, opening or closing procedures, knowledge
sharing, sales goals and reviews Provided expedient service cited as key to consistently high client focus and a 10% increase in referrals in
2012.
Ensured all files were complete prior to underwriting hand-off and coordinated effectively with title companies to ensure smooth closings.
Successfully processed some of the most challenging loan applications (e.g., first-time borrowers, self-employed applicants and borrowers
with problematic credit histories).
Knowledge including core banking, mortgage loan originations, fulfillment, servicing securitization, and the secondary mortgage markets;
experience with other consumer finance products.
Manager
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Selected Accomplishments:.
Served as primary assistant on events for multimillion-dollar accounts and successful tournaments.
Assumed a lead role in pitch team meetings due to strengths in presentation and negotiation skills, and major accounts ($500K to $1M+
initial contracts).Generated Junior Golf revenue of between 6% and 8%.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Management Marketing
 
2010
 
University of Colorado
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Graduated Cum Laude
 
Business
Management Marketing Graduated Cum Laude
Skills
Photoshop, approach, banking, brochures, budget, cashiering, catalogs, catalog, closing, ColdFusion, content management, contracts, credit,
client, clients, direct marketing, Event Management, features, finance, financing, Flash, focus, front office, ImageReady, market research, market,
Marketing, marketing management, meetings, Access, Excel, MS Office, PowerPoint, MS Project, Word, Multimedia, negotiation, negotiations,
optimization, Sales, Web server, website, year-end