BENEFIT ADVOCATE SUPERVISOR
Summary
Represent a reputable company as an Underwriter, proving my value by building and 
supporting a healthy and profitable book of business.
Highlights
Licensed Property, Casualty, Life and Disabilty Insurance Agent in Washington.
Technical and Soft Skill Coaching, Supervising, Coverage Counseling, Training.
Development of Training Materials, Workflows, Procedures, SharePoint Sites, Wiki Pages,
Quality Assurance Programs, Form Letters and Newsletter Articles.
Problem Solving, De-Escalations, Employee Development, Quality Assurance
Work Force Management, Time Keeping, Vacation Scheduling, Attendance and
Schedule Adherence Coaching, Hiring, Employee Onboarding and Termination.
Customer Care, Front-Line Underwriting, Needs Analysis, Cross Selling,
Up Selling, Endorsing Policies, Billing Analysis, Collaboration, Project Management.
Proficient with MS Windows, MS Office, Applied Epic, Vertafore Sagitta / BenefitPoint, CC Pulse,
Verint Impact 360, Verba, Kronos, MyTime, DocuSign, Taleo, Cisco Enterprise/Finesse/Admin/Report Server, SalesForce Service
Cloud and more.
Running reports, analyzing and organizing data in Excel using pivot tables.
Experience with products and services of a multitude of insurance carriers, including but not limited to American Modern, Chubb,
Dairyland, Foremost, Kemper, RLI, Mapfre,
MetLife, Mutual of Enumclaw, PersonalUmbrella.com, Progressive, Safeco, Travelers, Premera Blue Cross, Regence Blue Shield, United
Healthcare, Aetna, Cigna, Kaiser Permanente, Group Health, Symetra, Unum, Delta Dental, Willamette Dental and VSP.
Experience
Benefit Advocate Supervisor
 
May 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provide guidance and direction to a team of Licensed Life and Disability Benefit Advocates Present and promote Benefit Advocate services
to both internal and external prospects.
Assist Consultants and Client HR with advanced needs, sensitive and escalated issues.
Provide guidance and assistance on insurance questions, client relations, carrier issues, guidelines, technical support and more.
Coordinate daily operations, manage schedule and attendance adherence.
Coach and train advocates on systems, benefits, carrier guidelines and soft skills.
Conduct regular quality assurance, one-on-one's, performance reviews and team meetings.
Monitor department service levels to ensure that quality customer service is maintained.
Perform the work of Benefit Advocate during peak periods and take call escalations.
Implement new systems and improve processes to create efficiencies.
Customer Service Supervisor
 
November 2011
 
to 
May 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Coach and provide guidance to 14 Licensed Property & Casualty Customer Service Agents Coordinate daily operations, manage schedule
and attendance adherence.
Support training and reinforce process recommendations aimed at developing a high performance team with an emphasis on account
management and sales support.
Conduct regular one-on-one's, performance reviews and team meetings.
Monitor department service levels to ensure that quality customer service is maintained.
Provide guidance and assistance on Insurance questions, customer relations, carrier issues, underwriter guidelines, technical support and
more.
Act as Hiring Manager, seeking talent, organizing interviews and making hiring decisions.
Side by Side and remote monitoring for quality, performance and adherence purposes.
Perform the work of customer service agent during peak periods and take call escalations.
Create and represent the department on special projects/initiatives.
Customer Service Lead
 
September 2005
 
to 
October 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assist department supervisors with the coaching, training and mentoring of Customer.
Service Agents.
Monitor department productivity, take escalated calls, answer questions.
and provide assistance to co-workers.
Take 40+ calls per day, assisting insured's and.
agents with policy billing and servicing needs.
Take on projects as needed.
Education
Bachelor of Social Sciences
 
: 
2009
 
University of Washington
 
Law, Gender and Ethnicity The National Alliance for Insurance Education andResearch 
Current Certified Insurance Councilor - Agency Management, Life & Health, Commercial Property Goal to complete Personal Lines
and Commercial Casualty by the end of the year 2016 to earn my CIC designation.
Skills
account management, Agency, benefits, Billing, Cisco, Coach, Coaching, com, Counseling, Client, client relations, customer relations, Customer
Service, Customer Care, direction, Hiring, HR, Insurance, Kronos, Law, Letters, meetings, mentoring, Excel, MS Office, SharePoint, MS
Windows, Needs Analysis, Enterprise, Newsletter, organizing, peak, performance reviews, pivot tables, Policies, Problem Solving, improve
processes, Project Management, quality, quality assurance, Research, Selling, sales support, Scheduling, Supervising, technical support, Employee
Development, Training Materials, underwriter, Underwriting, Articles