HR PROFESSIONAL
Summary
Dependable Self-motivated and assertive Human Resources Professional with innovative solutions and personal accountability who incorporates
quality decision making to facilitate success and who promotes a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successful staff.
Skills
Staff Recruitment & Retention
Employee Relations, retirement
Payroll, health and welfare
HR Program/Project Management
Orientation & on-boarding
Training & Development
Performance Management
Leave of absence and ethics
HR Policies & Procedures
Organizational Development
Core Competencies
Extensive people's skill and outstanding communicating skills to drive effectiveness.
Concrete skill trained in HR in the capacity of HR assistant for 3 years and more than 12 years hands-on experience in customer and
financial services.
Experience in the administration of benefits and compensation programs and other Human Resources programs.
Quickly learn procedures and methods, with exceptional organizational skills.
Evidence of the practice of a high level of confidentiality and trustworthiness.
Proven experienced team player bringing enthusiasm and energy into group efforts.
Experience
HR Professional 
04/2013
 
to 
06/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Respond to and resolve issues or questions raised by employees or leaders regarding benefits, payroll, HR policies/procedures, general
transactions or other HR-related activities. Utilizes in-bound phone queue, e-mail, and face to face to receive inquiries as well as provide
resolution. Provide accurate information and counsel to employees and/or people leaders on their questions and issues, escalating when
appropriate.
Act as the first point of contact for employee/manager questions - Confirmation of employments with various external agencies and liaise
with third party callers.
Trainer for new employees and new procedures.
Handles highly sensitive and confidential information on a daily basis, an acts as a liaison between customer and 2nd level support.
Assist employees with all matters regarding leaves, including short-term disability and long term disability, and assist employees with
questions and concerns regarding, work environment, problems with management, leave of absence, resignations etc.
Thoroughly document and record all inquiries and resolutions within the information tracking database to ensure the recording of complete
information for future reference and archival purposes.
Document escalation issues including party to whom matter was escalated.
Begin applying troubleshooting techniques to issues that are more complex in nature; determine when escalation to a team leader or
specialist is appropriate to the situation.
Process HR and/or payroll transactions in the HR Management System (HRMS)
Validate accuracy of all transactions, particularly those affecting employee levels, pay or benefits.
Receive and make telephone calls to respond to, and resolve customer inquiries and concerns.
HR Assistant
 
07/2011
 
to 
05/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Liyanage & Co, Trained under and worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; create group
benefits databases; and develop orientation, training and incentive programs. Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records;
administer benefits enrollment and programs; administer HR budget; and handle HR assistant workplace issues.
Employee recruiting strategy
Developed and enforced company policy and procedures
Developed company personnel policies
Facilitated the criminal background check
Managed the employee rewards programs, Surveys and research.
Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on the HRMS databaseClient/Advisor Professional 
11/2011
 
to 
07/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Ameripise Financial, Minneapolis MN. A leading company in financial planning
Assist advisor and clients in processing and maintain financial products and services offerings.
Provide guidance and assistance on updating consumer lending products and other financial products.
Interacting with intra-company teams and providing assistance in completing customer cases and product offerings.
Guide 
advisors 
and 
clients 
through 
estate 
settlement, 
ownership 
changes, 
marital 
status 
changes 
and 
beneficiary changes.
Personal Banker
 
09/2008
 
to 
09/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Wells Fargo Bank, Minneapolis MN, A foremost organization in banking and financial field.
Customer assistance for personal/business/consumer lending products
Working 
with 
Wells 
Fargo 
partners 
in 
privet 
banking, 
insurance, 
mortgage, 
investment 
and 
retirement 
to 
increase solutions and profits.
Coaching and working with tellers and customer representatives in maximizing service and sales solutions.
Helping to bring branch customer satisfaction scores up and striving to meet optimum customer satisfaction resulting in successful survey
outcomes for branch.
Working as a loan office, originator, opening and maintaining consumer loans
Education
Master of Art
 
: 
Human Resources Management
 
May 2012
 
Concordia University
 
City
 
, 
State
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Art-(HR & Communication )
 
April 2007
 
University of Colombo
 
City
 
, 
Sri Lanka