ASSISTANT INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT) DIRECTOR
Summary
A high performing and energetic portfolio, program, and project management professional with proven track record and consistent commendations
for delivering large-size mission critical programs and projects of excellent quality in very political and lean environments. Innovative leader and
very adept in agile strategic planning and analysis to optimize operations and push forward new business initiatives through a winning collaborative
approach.
Highlights
Management information systems
Project development and lifecycle
Process improvement
Risk management
Natural leader
Quality assurance and control
Unsurpassed work ethic
Cost reduction and containment
Systems implementation
Experience
January 2011
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Assistant Information Technology (IT) Director
Led the organization towards eligibility in the eHealth Exchange Information Network which will allow the county providers to exchange
patient information with other federal agencies non- federal organizations through a secure, trusted, and interoperable network.
Completed detailed survey of the county's privacy, security, confidentiality, and information exchange policies as part of the onboarding
process and execution of the Data Use and Reciprocal Agreement.
Facilitated the processing of the Entrust Subscriber Agreement (public certificates and keys) documents.
Outcome: Upon submission of the application, the eHealth Exchange Committee awarded the county immediately as "eligible" to participate
in the eHealth Exchange Network due to the comprehensiveness documentation.
Accelerated the organizations participation in nationwide quality efforts and maturity surveys energizing our staff, enhancing the organization's
status, and improving customer services in the process.
Outcome: Application and review processes were expedited.
Organization was awarded Stage 6 Maturity (from Stage 2) for Electronic Medical Record (EMR) Adoption in less than 3 months.
January 2007
 
to 
December 2010
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
IT Supervisor
Executed the enterprise information technology strategy and worked closely and partnered with the Health Services CIO and stakeholders
(clinical, business, detention) to establish project and program governance, understand and document the business needs, advocate effective
application deployment strategies, and develop high level project road maps.
Outcome: Clear project prioritization throughout the enterprise which addressed limited resource issues.
Sample projects: Appointment Reminder System, Document Imaging System, Timekeeping System, Wristband ID Deployment, Dictation
System, Materials Management.
Supervised, led, coached, and mentored approximately 12 - 25 Application Support and Project Management staff in all phases of the IT
operations and project lifecycle using Lean and agile project management methodologies.
Outcome: Stronger project visibility and customer relationships; maturity in terms of organizational project management and service
management methodologies; expedited help desk ticket resolution minimizing project risks.
Sample Project-related skills shared with staff: Project Charter, Project Timeline, Resource Allocation, Issues Documentation,
Communications Technique, Lessons Learned, Release Checklist, and others.
July 2005
 
to 
December 2006
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Management Information Systems Analyst
Developed a comprehensive map and fit-gap review and analysis of the clinical workflow and electronic medical records requirements at the
different ambulatory and detention facilities in Santa Clara County.
Outcome: Enhanced staff awareness of existing processes and steps needed to attain towards the future state for better clinical flow,
improved inmate care and effective implementation of the electronic medical record (EMR).
Led a cross-functional and multi-dimensional Lean Six Sigma process improvement team composed of clinical and business staff and
completed a gap analysis to streamline and expedite the Operating Room (OR) scheduling and billing processes.
Outcome: Bills were resubmitted and processed within the same week which improved the revenue dramatically.
December 2000
 
to 
June 2005
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Program Administrator
Defined, managed, and owned the three year IT project and program roadmap, project and features prioritization, and release strategy of
the web enablement of a 20/7 statewide enterprise case management, reporting, and payment system (for over 6,000 health and human
services providers from the public and private sectors) including the successful on-boarding of tenants and 300% expansion of user
database with very minimal workflow interruption.
Outcome: Public and private service providers were able to use the case management system and they were able to provide same day
services to our clients in need without duplication of services.
Initiated and led the inclusion of HIPAA guidelines, Privacy Rule, and IT Security policies to the department workflow and applications byactively collaborating with Washington State's lawyers and IT security staff so that the appropriate language and/or workflow can be
included and leveraged in confidentiality agreements, service level agreements (SLAs), vendor contracts, and online alerts/ notices, and
training.
Outcome: 100% Department Compliance with regulations; Staff were comfortable with the tool.
Education
De La Salle University
 
Guidance & Counseling
 
MS
 
Guidance & Counseling
Assumption College
 
Psychology
 
BS
 
Psychology
Agile Management, UC Berkeley Extension; Advanced Project Management Program, Stanford University (SCPM); Project Management, San
Jose State University Certified Lean Six Sigma Black Belt in Lean Six Sigma Quality and Operational Excellence, Harrington Institute Certified
ScrumMaster (CSM); Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO), Scrum Alliance Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management v2, ITIL,
EXIN Project Management Professional (PMP), PMI; Certified Professional in Health Information Management Systems, (CPHIMS), HIMSS
Skills
streamline, Agile, billing, case management, contracts, clients, customer services, database, Dictation, Documentation, electronic medical records,
features, functional, health and human services, help desk, Imaging, information technology, ITIL, Materials Management, Exchange, enterprise,
Network, organizational, policies, processes, process improvement, Project Management, Quality, reporting, San, scheduling, Scrum, Six Sigma,
service level agreements, strategy, surveys, workflow