ASSISTANT TO CFO
Professional Summary
Dedicated and focused Office AdministratorÂ who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve
project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.
Core Qualifications
Computer proficiency
Service-minded
Motivational leadership style
Inventory control
Professional demeanor
Self-directed
Time management ability
Ability to prioritize
Customer service
System improvements
Strong initiative
Resourcefulness
Forward-thinking mindset
Experience
Assistant to CFO
 
04/2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed operations in accordance with budget requirements.Â 
Maintained compliance with company and legal requirements.Â 
Oversaw operations forÂ Charter and Dispatch Department.
Managed office inventory and placed new supply orders.Â 
Updated employee paperwork and records.
Scheduled appointments and maintained master calendar.Â 
Oversaw training and daily performance of threeÂ staff.Â 
Wrote professional business correspondence.Â 
Generated financial reports for management review.Â 
Liaised directly with customers to meet needs and maintain satisfaction.Â Provided support for COO and sales team in managing operation
work flow.Â 
Improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments, clients and vendors.Â 
Planned travel arrangements for executives and staff.Â 
Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanneddocuments.Â 
Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.Â 
Performed additional duties and special projects as assigned by the Chief Pilot.
Coordinated additions to and deletions from the passenger lists prior to aircraft movement and coordinated changes of aircraft movement.Â 
Ensured compliance with all Federal, State, Local and foreign regulations.Â 
Announced flight status updates.
Successfully completedÂ NATA Compliance, TSA 12-5 programÂ to further develop professional skills.Â 
Ensured that team member responsibilities were defined and understood.Â 
Monitored ongoing expenses relative to budget projections.Â 
Cultivated strong working relations with other industry executives.
Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.
Compiled statistical information for special reports.
Created monthly reports for records, closed terminated records and completed chart audits.
Organized billing and invoice data and prepared accounts receivable and expected revenue reports for controllers.
Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect the current practices.
Identified and resolved system and account issues.
Developed and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.
Collaborated with other administrative team members, human resources and the finance department on special projects and events.
Created and maintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports and documents.
Charter Sales Rep and Flight Dispatcher
 
05/2006
 
to 
02/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Fielded an average of 50Â customer service calls per day.
Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.
Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.
Updated database with customer and sales information.
Evaluated competitors and performed market research.Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.
Updated departmental standard operating procedures and database to accurately reflect the current practices.
Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.
Planned travel arrangements forÂ staff.
Charter Sales and Flight Dispatcher
 
03/2000
 
to 
03/2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.
Coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between sales and flight staff.
Contacted providers to discuss status of rebilling and reimbursement process to ensure account resolution.
Managed incoming and outgoing calls.
Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.
Improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments, clients and vendors.
Directly supported Vice President
 
in managing operation work flow.
Handled and processed confidential client information.
Coordinated with airport vendors regarding fueling and catering logistics.
Monitored flight schedule daily for 6 aircraft.
Monitored and updated flight schedules for pilots daily.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts Payable
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
General
 
1995
 
Lake Weir High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Skills
Account Management, Calendaring, Client Relations, Computer Proficiency, Coordination, Creative Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Customer
Needs Assessment, Customer Service, Data Collection, Data Entry, Documentation, Email, Executive Management Support, Filing, Grammar,
Internet Research, Letters and Memos, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word,
Multi-Task Management, Organizational Skills, Prioritization, Proofreading, Reading Comprehension, Report Transcription, Research, Scheduling,
Spreadsheets, Telephone Skills, Time Management, Travel Arrangements, Travel Booking, Travel Planning, Vendor Management