INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT SPECIALISTNETWORK SPECIALIST PC TECHNICIAN IT CONSULTANT
CUSTOMER
Work Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Information Technology Support Specialist Network Specialist ~ PC Technician IT Consultant Customer Engineer
01/2011
 
to 
Current
With more than 10 years' experience in the IT industry; I have provided technical leadership for the design, deployment and operation of IT
hardware and software.
I have built, implemented and sold numerous computers systems.
I have been instrumental in the service environment of the systems using the latest processor technologies like INTEL and AMD processors
also have helpdesk support experience, Systems Analyst and a strong leadership in the management of IT Systems and devices including,
but not limited to DELL, HP, IBM, MICROSOFT Software packages, setting up and maintaining networks for small businesses, setting
CMOS and BIOS, installing Software Applications to fill customer's needs, also active directory administration in Novel and Windows and
strong experience in data migration using Robocopy.
PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE.
Apollo / SunTrust EIS Data Migration Project (Non-Branch Analyze server space and data to determine the needed space on the
"Network Attached Storage" (NAS).
Run TBackups on all Novel servers using eDirectory/NDS Report Generator in order to determine the users on the different groups
throughout the network.
Use Carbon Copy to remote into a user's computer and move their .pst files from their home (H:) drive on the server to their local computer
and reconfigure Outlook to use file from the new location.
Use Robocopy scripts to copy user data from their H: drive to their new folder on the NAS.
Use Remote Desktop Connection to connect to the clusters and Robocopy their files from the old servers to the new clusters in the NAS.
Assist in the command center conference call to verify the branch teammate's access to the (H :) drives and (S :) drives from 8:00am to
12:00noon twice a week, Attend project meetings, Communicate and coordinate data migration and centralization activities with Non-
Branch personnel, Work effort may be performed remotely using remote migration tools Perform pre-migration communication for migration
of Email PST files, Perform pre-migration communication for user data migration, Initiate and manage scripts for h:\drive and shared drive
migrations for 30 Novell and Windows servers, Manage Command Center Support for Day 1 and Day 2.
Command Center expected to handle approximately 50+ end user calls per week, Update SharePoint with caller and incident information
reported on Day 1 and Day 2, Daily Command Center reporting should include a summary of reason for call, solution provided, problem
status, and number of calls by type, Perform H:\drive and Shared Drive analysis for SunTrust servers, Shared drive space up to 1000GB or
more per server, H:\drive capacity approximately 5 GB per authorized user, Up to 50,000 or more authorized users will need to be
migrated, Perform post-migration communication for Email PST back up instructions.
Identify the Line of Business assignment by end user using active directory tool, Change active directory rights and permissions as needed to
support end user access to new central data location for h:\drives, H:\drive migrations to central data storage will need to be performed for
the following 30 Novell and Windows servers.
Perform H:\Drive and Shared Drive data migration for approximately 1500 or more end users weekly, Perform Shared Drive and User
Drive analysis for 30 Novell and Windows servers.
Identify the number of volumes per server, Identify the size of the volumes per server, Use Netware Console One to discover and update
login scripts pertinent to the data being migrated, Using NoRM -Novell Remote Management (Novell) or Tree Size (Windows), identify the
number and size of the simple files by type (doc, xls, pdf, ppt,txt,jpg) on the Shared volumes, Using NoRM -Novell Remote Management
(Novell) or Tree Size (Windows), identify the number and size of the complex files by type (mdb,pst,exe,bat,vb,vbs,com,cab,tif) on the
Shared volumes, Identify the Lines of Business that are accessing the Shared folders, In charge of all cutovers, Search, and analyze servers
that are to be decommissioned, and create and submit tickets through ITSP, Move stale data for servers that are not being migrated to a
designated area to be analyzed by the ERIM group in order to be deleted.
Update the migration project calendar that was designed for the purpose of having a daily idea of how the project is doing by all members
of the team.
Create a "Training Manual & procedures" to be utilize by the SRP project team in order for them to have an idea of what the migration
process is.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Customer Engineer
 
12/2009
 
to 
05/2010
Prepare directory structures and applying appropriate permissions for users on the Network Attached Storage (NAS).
Send email notifications to the branch mgr, asst mgr, ROM, and area mgr's in order for them to prepare for the centralization of the branch,
at the same time send a separate set of notification to the non-branch users working on a branch environment.
Use Carbon Copy to remote into a user's computer and move their .pst files from their home (H:) drive on the server to their local computer
and reconfigure Outlook to use file from the new location.
Use Robocopy to copy user data from their H: drive to their new folder on the NAS.
Use Remote Desktop Connection to connect to servers and set up scheduled tasks.
Perform cutovers at the schedule dates as needed, logging in to 20 servers nightly and verifying that the scheduled task has been running,
verify all appropriate users on the original server have a folder on the NAS with appropriate permissions, update Active Directory to use
new (H:) drive, break the share on the old server for the "Users" and "Shared" folders, once accomplish the folder with the batch files and
server text files must be moved to the archive folder to keep a count of the branches done.
Assist in the command center conference call to verify the branch teammates access to the (H:) drive and (S:) drive from 8:30am to
10:00am daily.
Perform the same activities for the non-branch teammates working on a branch environment, but must be perform before the secondnotification for the branch is send out.
Company Name
 
07/2009
 
to 
10/2009
Responsible for providing technical desktop support for ATT upgrade project for 7+ ATT wireless stores.
Duties performed include but not limited to: Installation of Ingenico SigCap devices.
Flash peripherals with the latest updates.
Troubleshoot tickets using the Remedy application.
Image and configure computers for the 4QT09 rollout.
Inventory 3QT09 equipment to be return to the vendor.
Image and configure managers laptops.
Provide support for the retail stores.
Company Name
 
12/2008
 
to 
05/2009
Responsible for the network support of the recruiting team while at the Radisson Hotel, Lead the deployment of 300 PC and peripherals
once the main building was finish.
Document all inventory for the IT Manager.
Shipping and receiving of IT hardware.
Install all servers that will be utilized in the forest.
Educational Background
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Information Technology Information Technology Support
 
2011
 
University of Phoenix Oct
 
Information Technology
Information Technology Support
Associate of Arts
 
:
 
Paralegal Network Engineering
 
2001
 
Southern College
 
Paralegal Network Engineering
Diploma
 
2002
 
Southern Technical Institute
MCSE, A+, NET+, and SEC+ 
MILITARY 1989-1998 US ARMY Missouri / Florida MOS-12B (Combat Engineer) combat ready, earned
various awards for excellent service, participated in the relive efforts during hurricane Andrew in 1992
Skills
A+, Active Directory, Apollo, ARMY, com, hardware, Data Migration, DELL, Email, Engineer, Flash, HP, IBM, Image, INTEL, Inventory,
laptops, leadership, logging, meetings, MICROSOFT Software, access, MCSE, MOS, Outlook, SharePoint, Windows, migration, NDS,
Network Attached Storage (NAS), NAS, Network Attached Storage" (NAS), network support, network, networks, Novel, Novell, Netware,
pdf, peripherals, personnel, processors, receiving, recruiting, reporting, retail, servers, scripts, Shipping, installing Software, Systems Analyst,
desktop support, Troubleshoot, type, upgrade, vb