HR ANALYST
Summary
Experienced professional with background in Human Resources, Administrative, and Customer Service environments. Proficient in MS Excel,
Word, Power Point, Share Point, Taleo, Autonomy, One Note, SAP, Visio, OrgPlus, and Outlook. Able to effectively manage project tasks and
implement processes to support immediate and long-term objectives.
Accomplishments
Lead HR team through successful clean-up, categorization, and electronic conversion of over 3,500 employee files.
Experience
Company Name
 
October 2012
 
to 
July 2015
 
HR Analyst
 
Provide Human Resources and Employee Relations transactional service assistance to managers and employees throughout Kraft Foods.
Work to ensure process integration is supported within HR function during Kraft Merger by adapting to, and executing revised HR
methods.
Serve as lead for Workforce Solutions Intake group, providing guidance on HR task questions, overseeing Intake scheduling, defining
current processes and implementing new processes to increase productivity.
Oversee Share Point site updates, ensure systems are operational in accordance with Intake needs. Serve as point of contact for IS and
technical concerns.
Lead Intake team through successful clean-up, categorization, and scanning of over 3,500 employee files.
Implement and maintain processes for the addition of employee documentation through Autonomy systems database.
Support Sr. HR Director by monitoring, collecting and analyzing manager transaction requests and employee relation case data by utilizing
SharePoint database and Excel functions, providing reports on a quarterly basis.
Serve as main point of contact for Kraft Foods Scholarship program. Continuously reviewed process to improve management of
scholarship program. Collaborated with third party to administer enhancing scholarship applications, FAQ updates, scholarship selection
guidelines and policy clarification.
Project involvement including on-boarding improvement, New York wage letter distribution, and severance support.
Company Name
 
January 2012
 
to 
October 2012
 
HR Coordinator
 
Support Workforce Solutions group with collection and distribution of company-wide organization announcements and other administrative
tasks.
Consult with managers/employees to determine the type of HR transaction(s) needed, including but not limited to policy questions, employee
relation issues, terminations, new hire process, and compensation changes.
Serve as main point of contact for Illinois unemployment office to assist with claim management / distribution and data verification for U.S.
employees.
Support severance process by creating employee specific disability letters and assisting with severance packages, including the preparation
and creation of severance exhibits.
Generate ad hoc reports utilizing SAP system.
Company Name
 
February 2008
 
to 
January 2012
 
Senior HR Coordinator Sales
 
Manage schedules, travel, and meeting preparation or Area VP Sales.
Created Sales Newsletter, summarizing relevant updates and current information, promoting steady communication within sales group.
Analyze yearly goal progress for employees utilizing Gallup Survey Systems.
Utilize Taleo applicant tracking system, handle On-Boarding for the Chicago and Kansas City Customer Logistics Group including but not
limited to background checks, phone screens and drug testing.
Distribute Unemployment Claims for manager response and completed all unemployment verification specifics for U.S. employees.
Developed and implemented improved monthly HR reports based on the needs of the HR partners which include the following: Employee
rosters, Open Positions, PT and FT hours worked STD, New Hires, Promotions, Demotions, Terminations, Risk Management, and
educational information.
Submit HR Online transaction requests including promotions, terminations, Return to Work & Job Changes, ensuring timely transaction
completion.
Confirm successful processing and payout to sales employees for vacation relief program.
Maintain payables for all Background/Verifications charges to clients.
Company Name
 
September 2007
 
to 
February 2008
 
Administrative Assistant
 
Maintain and update Team Sites for Central Area retail accounts, Outlook distribution lists, and sales samples manifest.
Run allocation reports and Incentive Contest update reports, distributing to sales teams weekly.
Format and post quarterly sales priorities decks, utilizing Power Point. Retrieve, zip & post all customer business team weekly updates.
Post files for customer business teams used in monthly mailings. Send reminder notifications to all managers responsible for monthly sales
priority distribution. Assist Retail Leads to ensure sales priority data collected and posted in a timely manner.
Planned and organized materials for sales meetings, complete A/P for Service Center, Retail and all other miscellaneous office functions.Education
University of Phoenix
 
2012
 
Bachelor
 
: 
Psychology
Skills
Systems: Excel, Outlook, Power Point, Visio, One Note, Share Point, SAP, Advise HR, Siebel, TALX, Autonomy, Survey Monkey, Taleo
Training: Prosci Change Management Certification (2015), Herrmann Brain Dominance Instrument (2014), Interview Skills Selection and
Development (2014)