RECEIVING MANAGER
Summary
Reliable Manager demonstrating high level of ownership and initiative. Possessing exceptional work ethic and desire to go above and beyond to
exceed company expectations. Offering knack for building productive working relationships. Successful in fast-paced, deadline-driven
environments to manage goals and team development. History of thriving in team-oriented environments.
Skills
Customer service
Fluent in Spanish
Equipment operations
Stockroom organization
Processing vendor returns
Maintaining safety
Sales floor operations understanding
Operating equipment
Logistics oversight
Mentoring and training
Planning production
Team building
Relationship building
Store operations oversight
Staff training and development
Outstanding communication skills
Retail inventory management
Schedule management
Safety standards
Problem resolution
First Aid/CPR
Reliable and trustworthy
Working collaboratively
Experience
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Receiving Manager
 
08/2020
 
- 
Current
Organized storage areas to maximize movement efficiency and minimize labor.
Opened and checked deliveries to verify contents and resolve issues with vendors promptly.
Prepared accurate shipping orders and bills of lading to direct and route materials.
Received and staged incoming inventory for movement to storage or sales floor.
Supervised warehouse team, including schedule management, training and task delegation.
Kept stockroom free of hazards, working efficiently and properly organized.
Investigated inventory discrepancies to maintain recordkeeping validity.
Partnered with vendor representatives to rectify damages and shortages.
Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.
Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Closing Store Manager
 
04/2019
 
- 
08/2020
Guided team to consistently achieve daily, weekly and monthly goals.
Oversaw team of 25+ associates.
Maintained consistent daily operations by establishing procedures and monitoring team performance.
Assessed each employee's individual strengths and delivered mentoring to improve upon weak skill levels.
Identified sales opportunities by analyzing multiple reports to target our lacking departments
Managed special projects through effective emergency resolution.
Maintained retail store presentation by overseeing merchandise replenishment, customer courtesy and inquiry response.
Motivated employees to share ideas and feedback.
Assessed team proficiencies, identifying and targeting areas for improvement.
Formed and sustained strategic relationships with vendors.
Empowered staff members to contribute to continuous improvement, quality and growth of company by using effective communication and
fostering organic relationships.
Monitored metrics to verify asset stability.
Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport.
Prioritized sanitation, safety and health standards in work areas to meet OSHA requirements.
Generated repeat business by responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Assistant General Manager
 
04/2017
 
- 
04/2018
Exceeded sales goals and improved profitability by aligning sales strategies and business plans with market trends.
Oversaw management and implementation of new revenue strategies, sales initiatives and customer engagement tactics to increase market
share.
Tracked monthly sales to generate reports for business development planning.
Implemented CRM strategy to automate leads management.
Created and finalized quotes to complete deals between company, vendors and customers.
Developed and implemented new sales strategies to engage a bigger audience
Boosted team morale and overall sales volume by creating employee incentive sales contests.
Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.
Generated sales by starting a healthy outreach to local businessesCompany Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Operations Manager
 
09/2014
 
- 
04/2017
Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training and inventory control.
Assessed, optimized and elevated operations to target current and expected demands.
Received, evaluated and scanned in all new inventory, updated computer database and proactively resolved any variances.
Received, checked-in and stocked merchandise throughout store, helped maintain store inventory levels and assisted with orderliness and
cleanliness of sales floor and stock room.
Replenished inventory to maintain par levels and completed quarterly inventory audits, counted and updated inventory reports upon receipt
of new shipments.
Secured revenue, accurately monitoring cash intake and maintaining store policy updates to eliminate discrepancies.
Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve business plan and
profitability goals.
Improved morale and management communication by creating employee recognition and rewards practices.
Planned daily operational strategies, including delivery routing, team workflows and promotional initiatives.
Oversaw financial management activities, including budget management, accounting and payroll.
Resolved issues, including challenges regarding circuits, websites and vendors.
Trained, mentored and motivated employees to maximize team productivity.
Education and Training
Chief Sealth International High School
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
High School Diploma
 
06/2014
Languages
Fluent in Spanish and English