R
HEALTHCARE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Customer care representative position where my customer relations experience can be fully utilized to improve customer satisfaction and enhance
the company brand name.
Skills
Telecommunications knowledge
Strong problem solving ability
High customer service standards
Active listening skills
Customer service expert
Telecommunication skills
Reatail and Corporate
Microsoft Office proficiency
Time management
Excellent communication skills
Strong problem solver
HIPAA compliance
Type 60 WPM
Experience
Healthcare Customer Service Representative
 
Company Name
 
Oct 2011
 
to 
Current
Handle inbound calls from customers with inquiries and questions regarding their health insurance, wellness programs, prescription plans and
help provide the best solutions for the customers' health and financial well-being.
Assist in program development with new products and/or services.
Process one-time checking and credit card by phone payments.
Evaluate information and options and select the alternative that best meet the requirement of the issue(s) presented.
Custodian
 
Company Name
 
May 2010
 
to 
Dec 2011
Ensured spaces were prepared for the next day by taking out trash, tidying furniture and dusting surfaces.
Swept and mopped floors and vacuumed carpets.
Washed and sanitized toilets, sinks and showers and restocked disposables.
Secured facilities after operating hours by locking doors, closing windows and setting up the alarm.
Customer Service Manager
 
May 2004
 
to 
May 2011
Analyzed statistics and compiled accurate reports.
Recruited, mentored, and developed customer service agents and nurtured an environment where they can excel through encouragement
and empowerment.
Kept accurate records and documented customer service actions and discussions.
Provided services to customers by cashing checks, issuing money orders, assisting with refunds, and sending and receiving money grams.
Supervised 20+ employees at a time, enforced company regulations and delegated daily assignments.
Education and Training
Diploma
 
: 
General Educational
 
Rowan-Cabarrus Community College
 
General Educational
Training and Onboarding
 
: 
Healthcare Customer Service
 
OPTUM
 
Received certification for training new hires as they enter customer service roles