NC AIR GUARD HEALTH SERVICES MANAGER
Career Overview
A Highly Skilled and Attentive individual seeking a position that provides opportunities for professional growth and development. 
Extremely
motivated individual that will provide prompt, friendly, and professional service at all times. Leadership and Team Building
Skill Highlights
* Logical and Analytical Thinking Written and Oral Communication 
* Customer Service Oriented Problem Solving 
* Motivated Self
Starter Critical and Creative Thinking 
* Over 4 years Medical technician Background Technology Background 
* Data Processing
Functions QUALIFICATIONS Certified Computer Technician 
* 
Extremely Customer Service Oriented Highly Reliable Technician 
*
Flexible work schedule Security Clearance 
* Technology Background Certified Electronic Health Records Specialist Certified Medical
Supply Technician
Professional Experience
March 2013
 
to 
Current
 
NC Air Guard Health Services Manager
 
Salary $38,264.88.
Performs and directs patient management functions.
Interprets communications, directives, and publications.
Coordinates release of information functions.
Prepares health record copies and abstracts.
Coordinates release of information functions.
Prepares, files, safe- guards, transfers, and retires health records.
Maintains patient locator and suspense files.
Prepares, codes, and transmits clinical record cover sheets.
Transcribes daily information onto charts.
Transcribes physicians' orders, and prepares requests for diagnostic tests, consultations, and referrals.
Performs functions to admit, discharge, and transfer patients.
Compiles information and prepares reports, graphs, and charts on bed occupancy, staffing, dental health, medical care from civilian sources,
and professional activities.
Prepares and interprets communications, directives, and publications.
Prepares patient-related correspondence and special orders for patient assignment, reassignment, and aeromedical evacuation.
Performs procedures for network referrals.
Provides claims assistance and counseling to beneficiaries.
Performs and manages resource management functions.
Prepares financial statements and subsistence stock records.
Compiles information, subsistence accounting, and prepares statistical reports.
Performs market analysis and business-case analysis.
Coordinates Third Party Collection (TPC) activities and prepares necessary reports.
Assists in manpower surveys and developing manpower standards.
Identifies manpower standard exceptions and deviations.
Screens medical records to gather data for medical audits.
Analyzes workload and cost data necessary to validate manpower requirements and develops adjustments and projections to support
clinical or mission changes.
February 2013
 
to 
August 2013
 
NC Air Guard Computer Technician
 
38,264.88.
Performs client-level information technology support functions.
Manages hardware and software.
Performs configuration, management, and troubleshooting.
Removes and replaces components and peripherals to restore system operation.
Installs and configures software operating systems and applications.
Provides service to end-users for operation, restoration, and configuration of information systems.
Reports security incidents and executes corrective security procedures.
Performs client-level voice network functions.
Manages hardware and software.
Performs configuration, management to include adds, moves, changes, and troubleshooting.
Plans, schedules, and implements installation and maintenance functions associated with voice systems.
Removes and replaces telephone instruments.
Reports security incidents and executes corrective security procedures.
Performs client-level Personal Wireless Communication Systems (PWCS) functions.
Manages hardware, software, and Controlled Cryptographic Items (CCI).
Performs configuration management and troubleshooting.
Plans, schedules, and implements installation and maintenance functions associated with PWCS.
Removes and replaces components and peripherals to restore system operation.Reports security incidents and executes corrective security procedures.
Reports spectrum interference incidents.
Company Name
 
June 2009
 
to 
May 2012
 
HealthCare Supply Specialist
 
32,000.
Operates and supervises the base medical equipment management office and non-medical material support.
Validates and coordinates equipment requests.
Monitors expense and investment equipment fund programs.
Ensures in-use equipment asset inventories are accomplished and necessary corrective actions and documentation is taken.
Provides and monitors non-medical supply and equipment support.
Inspects reviews and evaluates medical materiel support.
Conducts periodic internal inspections of medical materiel for compliance with policies, procedures and directives.
Analyzes reports and records and takes necessary corrective action.
Ensures effective support is provided for all customers.
Visits supported activities.
Performs medical materiel functions.
Establishes and ensures timely and efficient management of excess materiel and equipment.
Receives and inspects incoming supplies and equipment.
Applies special handling procedures for controlled medical items, gases, precious metals, dangerous and hazardous materials and
refrigerated or frozen materials.
Provides and maintains medical kits and sets.
Delivers supplies and equipment to supported activities.
Education
University of Mount Olive
 
2014
 
Bachelors of Science and Business
 
: 
Health Care Management
Skills
accounting, business-case, charts, hardware, configuration management, counseling, client, documentation, financial statements, graphs, information
systems, information technology, market analysis, materials, office, Monitors, network, operating systems, peripherals, policies, publications,
staffing, telephone, troubleshooting