INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALYST
Summary
To pursue a caring and creative career, where I can apply my existing knowledge, acquire new skills and contribute effectively to this nation's
future, our children. Having prior experience in IT field, exploring the field to be with children lead to do the Early Childhood Education course and
be the part of the little bud's life.
Skills
apple, Art, book, Oral, concept, conflict resolution, CPR, creativity, Designing, direction, Documentation, First Aid, Flash, fundraising, drawing,
instruction, Materials, meetings, organizing, philosophy, express, Read, Recording, Safety, sound, teacher, Teaching, Transportation
Experience
09/2010
 
to 
09/2011
Information Technology Analyst
 
Company Name
I believe that each child has their own potential and interests and curiosity in learning.
Designing an organized classroom setup, positive and welcoming, caring and secured, safe-risk taking, theme based, and discussions on
their interests during class meetings would create warm atmosphere and environment to grow in every domain of development socially,
emotionally, physically, and intellectually.
I believe the teacher needs to be a supportive person as well as a guide in providing the information, and plans for hands on activities with
tools and materials that help them for self-discovery and understand the lesson in curriculum.
Letting kids be kids and have freedom to express their own thoughts and creativity and valuing them.
My personal goal for my future classroom is to grow their potential and interests in their own pace without pressurizing with targets.
Students should be given information on where to find the answers and given the opportunity to explore the solution rather than giving the
direct answers, this gives the space for exploration and creativity.
I would have the strong idea on having the curriculum inclusive of each child's needs and interests.
Curriculum plan involving group work, which is the key for the student led jobs, and direction to help others, teach respect for others and
themselves.
Motivation and stimulation are the factors that pull out the full potential of the child.
Recording their interests and motivated ideas of every student periodically, and sharing with the parents and caregivers to engage the
children.
Giving the base line of the activity and watching them on how they expand and give new dimension for more than we thought which is a
great feeling.
Giving the ownership to the children yields mutual trust, support, and love between teacher and child.
Developing trust, love and respect for themselves and others help avoid bullying and hurtful words/actions.
Make the point that, every child should be treated consistent, equal, fair and approachable.
Giving them the time and space to explore along with spending valuable time with them promotes the emotional development as they spend
more time in school than any other place.
I believe in the quote 'A strong body makes the mind strong and strong mind makes a body strong', I would encourage more of the outdoor
activities during the supporting weather.
I feel interaction among peers, conflict resolution, turn taking, creativity, helping others, teaching love and respect can be achieved more in
outdoor group activities.
A healthy meal plan are one main criteria in making sure they have a balanced diet every meal they eat, lots of fruits and vegetables, dairy
foods, and less sodium and sugar.
I would be compassionate, dedicated, and continue learn and strive to give the best part to my children as a future teacher.
I understand teaching involves regulations, restrictions, and responsibilities, as with any other job but this comes with the package of
cherishing moments, excitement, joy of being with the innocent and laughing children.
Enjoy students and everything they do and accept them as they are, that would be the best gift we give the children who come to school
leaving the parents.
My philosophy may grow in the future with experience and continued learning and welcoming the ideas and knowledge from work place.
01/2010
 
to 
08/2010
Technology Analyst
 
Company Name
10/2006
 
to 
06/2008
Software Engineer
 
Company Name
07/2004
 
to 
10/2006
Project Engineer
 
Company Name
I am attaching hereby the Conduct Certificate and Experience Certificate from previous organization.
I have been volunteering with my nine year old and five year old children classrooms for book fair, PTO member, organizing team events
like fundraising, traditional events, patriotic events, field trip chaperones in both public and private schools.
I am working on doing First Aid and CPR certification.
I am doing Early Childhood Education course to pursue the career in education field towards associate teacher degree especially with
children of ages 3 to 5 and special needs.
Artifacts: As part of Early Childhood Education journey, program observation, children observation of infants/toddlers, school age children
helped us to know the curriculum, children needs, interests and expectations as a future teacher.
I am attaching hereby the program observation, anecdotal/running record report assignments as part of the ECE courses.
Curriculum Plan TITLE: Modes of Transportation, Art and Play activities, teach the class on sounds, different vehicles, and shapes.
CHILDREN: Age group of 3-5 years, Group activity, 
ACTIVITY: 
Group: Red Light, Green Light, Yellow Light; Making Airplane usingPopsicle sticks; Imitate Sounds to pictures during meeting time.
Talk on parts of vehicles (gears, wheels, handles, mirrors), Safety (hand signal, helmet, lanes, seat belt, life vests) Outdoor: Bike race,
float/sink boat science activity, puff puff - toot toot - lining up and imitating the sound and moving in a line like a train set.
Individual: Connect Dots/Coloring: Bikes, cars/trucks, boats/ships, air plane, Bus/Train.
Table Activity: Popsicle sticks craft work, make paper boats, paper airplane, train blocks, coloring/drawing.
RATIONALE: Activities are chosen appropriate for the age group and how they can relate when they see the vehicles around and kid's
interest.
OBJECTIVES: Knowledge on wheels/ what make things move, Purpose of different vehicles and modes, learn shapes, vehicle sounds,
street safety and wearing helmet.
Following the KWL concept - Know, What they want to know, what they Learn as part of the assessment.
STANDARD: Preschool learning foundation, California Preschool curriculum framework.
WHAT IS NEEDED: Materials: Popsicle Sticks, coloring sheets, origami papers, books, flash cards, board puzzles.
Time and Space: Table setup, outdoor with bikes, water table.
Teaching Plan: 
Introduction: Begin with the circle time, theme based songs, talk on the topic and teach on the activity today.
Teaching on the step and step instruction on the activity to work on and setup the table with the required materials and monitoring their work
and reaching out them as and when needed.
Teaching: Gathering: Songs: Wheels on the bus, I am a little piece of fun, down by the station, Little Red wagon, Little Einstein - We are
going on a train Play: Flash cards, Train set, Vehicle toys and board puzzles.
Snack: Designing the snack based on the theme, car using rectangle cracker and black olives as wheels, apple as boat and pretzel as row
boat.
Group Activity: Read books, Play dough, and story time.
Closure: Display their work on the wall or drying rack based on the activity.
Close the activity with story time and meeting/discussion time on their views and shares on the mode of transport for the day.
Reinforce the child in the snack time with the theme based designing the snack, like airplane creation using celery, raisins, peanut butter,
pretzels.
Assessment: Objectives: Knowledge on concept, acknowledging what they know and setting up the activities, Discussions on purpose of
different vehicles and modes, learn shapes, vehicle sounds, street safety rules.
Evidence of learning: Oral responses to essential questions, Document through videos and photos.
Use the gathering time to converse with the children on the facts and ideas.
Documentation: Anecdotal/Running Record, Artifacts on observation and summary on their learning on concepts and fundamentals.
Education and Training
December 2016
B.E
 
: 
Computer Science and Engineering
 
Folsom Lake College
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
Qualification Year of Passing Marks/Percentage Institute Early Childhood
Education - 6 Units Computer Science and Engineering
May 2004
Matriculation
 
Karunya Institute of Technology, Coimbatore. H.S.C
 
68 / 10.0
April 1998
S.S.L.C
 
Sri Vijay Vidyalaya Matriculation HSS, Dharmapuri.