HIGHLY ACCOMPLISHED HEALTHCARE ANALYST
Professional Summary
Financial Expert providing strategies to improve Revenue Cycle Management in Healthcare A top-performing Systems Analyst with a proven track
record of expanding revenue and customer satisfaction in Healthcare. Expert at identifying and analyzing customer needs within a variety of
Enterprise healthcare organizations. 
Subject Matter Expert in Revenue Cycle Management specializing in developing and delivering innovative
solutions for environments with large data requirements. Extensive experience in providing an advisory and consultative approach to Financial and
Technology solutions that drive improved financial performance. Broad grasp of Value Based Healthcare Reimbursement strategy and the skill to
lead a collaborative effort to develop long lasting relationships with Executive decision-makers.
Education and Training
Programming Support Specialist, Data Center Technical Support, Shared Medical Systems (Cerner), Malvern, PA Computer Operator,
Operations, Shared Medical Systems (Cerner)
 
City
 
, 
State
Master of Science
 
:
 
Computer Information Systems
 
University of Phoenix
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Computer Information Systems
Graduate Courses in Business Communications, Project Management, Operating Systems, Networking, Database Concepts, Software
Engineering, Programming Management, Organization, Ethics and Intellectual Property, and Financial Management. Certified Project Management
Associate, International Project Management Association 
(IPMA, Level D), Number D15-122834
Skill Highlights
;;
Skills
accounting, Accounts Receivable, auditing, balance, billing, Business Communications, business plan, client, clients, client liaison, customer service,
client support, Database, delivery, Financials, financial, financial consulting, Financial Management, focus, insurance, Intellectual Property,
leadership, mentor, office, 2000, NT, Networking, Operating Systems, processes, process improvement, coding, Programming, Project
Management, proposal, Quality, report writing, reporting, revenue recognition, Siemens, Software Engineering, SQL, Technical Support
Professional Experience
Highly accomplished Healthcare Analyst
 
, 
01/1997
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
providing operational and financial consulting services, employed through the acquisition of Siemens Health Services by Cerner in 2014 and
the acquisition of Shared Medical Services by Siemens in 2000 Primary client liaison assessing business needs from stakeholders at every
level, including executives within the client organization, explaining available standard services and/or suggesting methods for customization
of solutions to enhance production objectives and bring in departmental revenue.
Provide outstanding customer service by quickly addressing any client support issues, escalating new opportunities for revenue improvement
to the appropriate executives within the organization, and maintaining a line of communications with clients that is advisory in nature and
exceptional in its execution.
Expertly synthesize client input through a full business discovery process and assemble an internal team of experts in SQL, Database, report
writing, networking to answer questions and develop a set of technical specifications that are presented in a form of an actionable solution
proposal.
Improve Revenue Cycle Management for clients by providing off-the-shelf, custom, or client hosted solutions that allow them to off-load
issues and focus on the critical revenue recognition activities of their business office which includes Accounts Receivable and dealing with
insurance companies.
Meticulously review procedures and processes within financial departments and compare those with industry 'best practice' standards to
identify opportunity for process improvement.
Identify actionable gaps by comparing revenue cycle reporting against other similar organizations as well as nationally recognized Key
Performance Indicators (KPIs).
Guide a client through the Recovery Audit Contractor (RAC) program which requires coding, billing, and reimbursement compliance with
Medicare.
Develop reports and create abstracts that pulled insurance, patient balance, and diagnostic related groups (DRG) coding from a client's
INVISION patient accounting financial systems that ensured that Medicare was not being overbilled and identified coding errors and
brought up the issue of medical necessity which led to process improvements.
Participate as a key technical resource and mentor documenting the entire process of an ongoing customer project now in its 16th month
which transfers 7-10 years of patient accounting data to a third party repository as part of audit requirements to meet a variety of regulatory
standards.
Collaborate with the project manager to meet project deadlines so that the client is able to keep their financial system data before the
contract elapses while ensuring that the client pays for only the amount of data storage required.
Accelerate the delivery of solutions for the client by creating reusable templates that can be shared between projects.
Deliver the technical leadership required for projects of 6 days to 6 months in duration to determine the environment, configuration, and
build programs necessary to decommission legacy systems and efficiently migrate to data to database systems which allow simplified queries
for financial posting.
Through job sharing with the SOARIAN Financials Test Team, recreated software defects and validated fixes to improve quality using
advanced tools such as Charm NT, Quality Center, and Kanban to update status.
Associate Systems Analyst
 
, 
01/1993
 
to 
01/1996
 
Company Name
Part of a team responsible for delivering over 100,000 files monthly pertaining to reporting and auditing and through the development of a
business plan that later migrated the delivery system to the internet saving the client considerable costs.
Organized transactions over a six-month period to install financial systems at Pennsylvania Hospital and Temple University Hospital.
Build the programs required to successfully update system data to meet all deadlines.Consultant/Analyst
 
, 
01/1983
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State