DIRECTOR, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Professional Summary
Results-driven IT director with over 30 years of experience in diverse industries, including Port and Higher Education. Expertise includes team
leadership, technical architecture, training and development, disaster recovery planning, and information protection analysis. Dynamic, resourceful,
and extremely driven individual with a deep passion for creating and delivering programs and solutions that empower a team, company, and
customer to meet and exceed desired expectations.
Core Qualifications
IT management
Results-oriented
Operations management
Budget administration
Change management
Problem resolution
Team leadership
Decisive leader
Cost reduction
Experience
Director, Information Technology
 
August 2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manages information technology computer center for the Board of Commissioners of the Port of New Orleans (Board).
Develops, initiates, implements and monitors procedures necessary to determine the need for improvement of the system and operational
activities.
Makes recommendations on the acquisition, lease or rental of equipment and computer services, the development and implementation of
new data processing programs and the expansion of existing equipment and programs.
Provide information and recommendations to the Port's management relevant to the establishment of priorities for prospective system
applications.
Develops and/or revises data and practices concerning plan and procedures consistent with agency goals and objectives in the information
communications fields.
Formulates requests for bid and requests for proposals for major and minor I.T. professional services and hardware contracts.
Directly involved in vendor selection and final contract negotiations and approvals.
Supervises information technology and telecommunication staff and provides guidance and direction of daily activities.
Develops and supervises the work of system project consultants.
Provides consulting services to all Port departments and divisions concerning information systems, new programs and data processing.
Develops form management procedures and reviews and justifies current practices.
Evaluates existing manual and automated information-related activities including physical work environment, administrative procedures and
work flows.
Represents the Board of Commissioners on national and international committees and conferences as necessary.
Prepares hardware, software and personnel budgets for the I.T. department.
Staying abreast of the new technologies, doing cost/benefit analysis of these technologies and the incorporation of these technologies into the
budgeting process.
Participates in formulating Board's current and future I.T. short and long term strategic planning including PC networking, Email, IBM
ISeries Support, INTERNET, Imaging, Computer Aided Software Engineering, Communication Protocols, EDI, GIS etc.
Reviews and makes recommendations to management on the use and control of mainframe data processing systems for internal operations,
and for servicing the maritime community in the movement of cargo through the Port.
Assures that software utilizing the mainframe and remote computer local area, wide area network equipment are protected and secure
against viruses, outside intrusion and cyber-attack.
Supervise the development of long range plans for the use of data processing equipment by the Board, related private sector firms and
government agencies.
Assure the confidentiality of priority data and supervise the distribution of that data to the appropriate public and private sector recipients.
Coordinates the flow of information among in-house departments, private sector maritime interests, U.S. Customs and other agencies.
Oversees a large repertoire of sophisticated application software.
Interface with representatives of local, national and international maritime, and government agencies, offices and firms concerning the
technical requirements and operation and benefits of the system.
Reviews, coordinates and makes recommendations to Board management and maritime interests on data transmission requirements.
Monitors the preparation of reports submitted to Board management, the private sector and governmental agencies on data processing and
technology issues.
Keeps abreast of changes in the maritime industry as it affects the movement of bulk, general and containerized cargo and the flow of
electronic communications.
In charge of all telephone services required by the Board.
This includes the main administrative phone switch and sub-switches and all cell and broadband services.
Define scope of work and specifications for Hardware and software needs for Homeland Security Grant Investment Justifications from
2008 to present.
FAS system repair and updates, Building Access Command and Control, Security Camera Projects (Portwide and Cruise Terminals),
Wireless Backbone Infrastructure Portwide, MSCO provisioning, Mobile Command Center Repair and Upgrade, Underwater inspection
vehicle and equipment, 
Technology Installation on the Harbor Police Patrol Boat, Integration of Command Bridge Incident Control servers,GIS server implementation.
Associate Vice-President for Information Technology and Telecommunication
 
April 1980
 
to 
October 2004
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Oversight responsibility for staff of 22 people, including 19 professionals.
Created and managed the Office of Information Technology.
Developed and implemented the Strategic Plan for the Office of Information Technology.
Awarded and directed $1.2 million grant to install the telecommunications fiber optic infrastructure for university.
Integrated the Management Information System department and the Telecommunication department into one cohesive department.
Provided data and communication services to entire university community; implemented university-wide operation of telephone, PBX, voice
and data wireless communications.
Developed administrative system for all users to become proficient in these areas.
Ensured data integrity and responsibility, standardizing ways and means of data collection, thereby maintaining the integrity of inputs and
outcomes.
Created a filtering process to recognize viruses before they infect systems and thus established a reliable network free of viruses and spam.
Implemented effective customer service, customized to suit individual needs, ensuring that all users were standardized for smooth
communication with one another.
Created inclusive, customer-friendly, telecommunications climate, ensuring that students were respected equally with faculty.
Implemented comprehensive university system, increasing the number of telecommunication units from 324 to more than 2,000.
Increased number of computer labs from two to nine, ensuring dramatic increase in resources to students without increasing staff.
Education
Ph.D
 
: 
Coastal Oceanography
 
, 
1996
 
State University of New York
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Coastal Oceanography
M.S
 
: 
Computer Science
 
Marine Sciences Research Center 
School of Marine and Atmospheric Sciences
 
Computer Science
B.S
 
: 
Mathematics
 
University of Evansville
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Mathematics
Xavier University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Professional Affiliations
*Member of AAPA Information Technology Committee
*Represented the University President at Southern Educational Foundation
*Member of the Instructional Technology Assistance Project (ITAP) team
*Participated in Educational Leadership Council
*Served on Academic Computing Committee.
Accomplishments
MCSE (Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer)
LDCCA Certified Installer for Fiber Optic and Category 5/5E
Certified Construction Quality Management for Contractors by U.S. Army Core of Engineers
Wireless Network Auditing Training System
Forensics, Investigation & Response Training Hacker Techniques, Exploits and Incident Handling Training Accreditation
Skills
academic, administrative, agency, Basic, benefits, broadband, budgeting, budgets, Cobol, Hardware, computer applications, conferences,
consulting, contract negotiations, contracts, customer service, data analysis, data collection, Data Processing, Database Management, DBase IV,
direction, EDI, Email, features, Fortran, GIS, government, grants, IBM, IBM compatible, Imaging, Information Systems, Information Technology,
inspection, interpretation, laser, Macintosh, mainframe, MapInfo, Mathematics, Access, MS Excel, Office, Management Information System,
Monitors, natural, Naval, network, Novell Netware, Oil, Operating Systems, Pascal, PBX, PC networking, personnel, Camera, Police,
Programming, proposals, Protocols, radio, real-time, reception, relational database, Research, RPG III, servers, Shell, Software Engineering,
Strategic, strategic planning, SUN SPARC, switches, switch, telecommunications, Telecommunication, telephone, phone, transmission, UNIX and
C, UNIX, Upgrade, Vax, VMS, voice and data, wide area network, written
Additional InformationCOMMUNITY SERVICE Board of North Region Leadership Institute (NORLI) Volunteer activities at New Orleans Enhancement
Center: taught senior citizens how to use the computer Board of Advocates for Science & Math Education, Inc.
HONORS/AWARDS/CERTIFICATIONS Certified Port Executive Turner Fellowship, State University of New York at Stony Brook
United Negro College Fund Fellowship National Consortium of Educational Access Fellowship William and Mary Simon Fellowship