COORDINATOR, DONOR RELATIONS
Summary
Highly organized Communications Specialist with [Number] years in the communications field. Areas of expertise include web and print content
development, public speaking and project management.
Highly qualified, detail-oriented and hardworking [Job Title] with more than [Number] years of experience. Proficient in research, writing, case
management and client relations. Expert computing and technology skills including competence in multiple software applications, website design
(HTML), CMS and hosting, networking issues and social media.
Highlights
Dedicated team player
SharePoint
Microsoft Office Suite
Event planning
Exceptional writing skills
Exceptional problem solver
Print and electronic media
Budgeting and forecasting
Project development and lifecycle
Accomplishments
Developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through strategic messaging.
Formulated an inclusive design manual reference guide with more than [Number] design templates.
Experience
01/2013
 
to 
Current
Coordinator, Donor Relations
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Track and analyze donor data received from volunteer projects to effectively cultivate relationships
Research, identify, and analyze past campaign activities to develop effective campaign growth strategies and forecasts
Identify strategies to strengthen social media presence and increase engagement
Produce internal and external communications collateral (digital and print)
Generate ideas to develop communication strategies, for donor cultivation, solicitation, and stewardship
Maintain and utilize email marketing platforms to distribute email campaigns
Design and create presentations that effectively communicate complex data and information
Assist with the development and implementation of changes to volunteer programs, policies and procedures
Monitored ongoing expenses relative to budget projections.
Assessed the need for new or enhanced systems and applications.
Correspond with corporate campaign leaders to prepare materials for campaign meetings and events
Verify facts, dates and statistics for updating reports and campaign results
Meticulously followed corporate brand guidelines to enable brand consistency across campaigns and marketing programs.
Operated high-speed color copiers and wide bed printers to reproduce single and multicolor copies of graphics.
Created all communications collateral, including web pages, brochures and fliers.
Developed creative graphics that simplified complex messages.
Designed artistic signage for special corporate events.
Recommended techniques, methods and media best suited to produce desired visual effects.
Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials.
Designed unique print materials, including advertisements, brochures and logo designs.
09/2011
 
to 
06/2013
Coordinator, Finance 
& Special Projects 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as primary liaison for internal and external constituencies on matters pertaining to the Chief Operating Officer and Finance Manager
Educated staff across seven departments on proper financial reporting practices and ensured adherence to policies and procedures
Organized logistics of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas, and itineraries
Created and maintained employee data and coordinated new hire onboarding and orientation activities
Tracked and managed business expenses
Assisted with month-end close activities, including payroll reconciliation, journal entries, and purchase orders matching
Maintained accounting ledgers by verifying and posting account transactions
Performed W-9 and 1099 maintenance for new and old vendorsSpearheaded and directed the implementation of Financial Edge, as well as the cross-training of all departments
Tracked all donations and prepared documentation for the Development Director.
Trained and supported users during new system implementations and upgrades.
Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.
Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.
Worked with management to document and offset unusual expense variances in their respective areas.
Assisted in the creation of vendor contracts for outside vendors.
Assisted the CFO with the production of the monthly financials, management reports and board packages.
Determined best short- and long-term tracking methodology.
Maintained confidential information, such as pay rates, bonus targets and pay grades.
03/2010
 
to 
04/2011
Account Executive
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Executed monthly sales goals Resolved laptop screen issues by telephone or email for retail, wholesale and bulk customers Provided timely
updates of purchases and follow-up throughout sales order cycle Negotiated prices with wholesale customers Market Research and
Development Communicated and negotiated with FedEx SupplyChain in various countries for delivery updates and changes.
Processed an average of [number] inbound and outbound technical support calls.
Helped customers track and ship packages, responding to an average of [number] calls per day.
Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to resolve complaints and answer inquiries.
Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills.
Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers.
Responded to customer service emails in a timely and effective manner.
Maintained a calm, professional demeanor when faced with high demand, high volume workloads.
Devised workarounds for problems.
Developed and maintained technical expertise in [Describe area].
01/2009
 
to 
01/2011
Contributing Writer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed editorial deadlines under the direction of the Creative Marketing Director Edited and maintained web content Assisted with
feature writing and interviewed members of the community to develop newsworthy stories Managed social media accounts, 
Facebook and
Twitter, for theblvdmag.com Created press releases and promotional materials for distribution at local events.
Promoted targeted content through various social networking sites such as [Website] and [Website] and aggregators such as [Aggregator].
Traveled to location to write reviews from firsthand experience.
Managed all social media programs, including Internet forums, blogs, social networking applications and message boards.
Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.
Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style.
Maintained awareness of digital trends and new emerging technologies and platforms.
Education
December 2008
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Mass Communications
 
Southern University and A&M College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Emphasis in Public Relations
Skills
Sales Software: Salesforce.com, Microsoft Dynamic AX, QuickBooks
Public Relations Software: MTR, CisionPoint, iContact
Desktop Publishing Software: Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, HTML,WordPress