SENIOR CLIENT ADVOCATE II
Accomplishments
Earned the Workgroup for Electronic Data Interchange (WEDI) Award of Merit 2 years in a row for educating the health care industry on
electronic claims attachments.
Affiliations.
Health Level Seven (Standards Developing Organization) knowledge of V2 messages, Fast Healthcare Interoperable Resources (FHIR)
and the Meaningful Use electronic health record standard Consolidate Clinical Document Architecture.
Summary
Motivated Business Analyst with the technical expertise and business acumen necessary to translate business requirements and objectives into
scalable, highly resilient and successful system solutions.
Skills
Data analysis 
Business artifacts documentation
Strategic planning 
Business development
Team player 
Workflow analysis
Product launches 
Brand management
MS Project 
SQL and databases
Risk mitigation and management 
Data mapping
Service-oriented architecture 
Release planning
Collaboration tools 
Test case scenarios
Requirements gathering 
Gap analysis
Experience
12/2002
 
to 
12/2017
Senior Client Advocate II
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
SuppCRAIG Gabron
CRAIG Gabron orted BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina's TRICARE (Military Health Insurance) line of business functioning in an
analyst role.
This position required an ability to work in a matrix environment across cross-functional teams and the ability to produce results in a highly
dynamic and formative environment.
Duties and responsibilities included: Documented business processes and analyzed procedures to see that they would meet changing
business needs.
Assessed the impact of current business processes on users and stakeholders.
Conducted interviews with key business users to collect information on business processes and user requirements.
Identified process inefficiencies through gap analysis.
Increased annual revenue by 5% by recommending improvements in efficiency for routine pricing updates.
Performed TRICARE bench marking analysis and identified savings opportunities and potential product enhancements.
Researched and resolved issues regarding extracting data from a clinical EHR for HEDIS measure calculation for two HEDIS measures,
Colorectal Cancer Screening (COL) and Controlling Blood Pressure (CBP).
Implemented user acceptance testing with a focus on documenting defects and executing test cases using HP's Application Lifecycle
Management tool.
Managed testing cycles, including test plan creation, development of SQL scripts and co-ordination of user acceptance testing.
12/2002
 
to 
12/2017
Senior Client Advocate II
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed the relationship between the Health Net, BlueCross Operations and BlueCross Information Systems Application areas with ten
direct reports.
Optimized and managed research and development spending through collaboration with key business leaders.
Trained four new employees on accounting principles and company procedures.
Created periodic reports comparing budgeted costs to actual costs.
Suggested budgetary changes to increase company profits.
Provided timely actuals, forecast and budget data for IT and corporate management.
Worked with management at the project level to ensure expense plans are achieved.
03/1992
 
to 
11/1996
Manager Information Systems
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed the relationship with Cable and Wireless Communications in London, England on the installation of a telecom billing system,
leading a team of 12 analysts and programmers in the analysis, design and coding of the international telecommunications commercial billing
software.
Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through regular on-site visits, virtual meetings and customer advisory board sessions.
Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.
Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.Coached and mentored twelve new staff members, including conducting performance reviews.
Led communication with stakeholders regarding product goals and progress made.
Tested and implemented new technology-based global projects such as international telephone billing system.
Created innovative and intuitive product features such as a packetize billing system.
Education and Training
1976
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Health and Physical Education Computer Science and Information Technology Computer Science
 
Slippery Rock University
of Pennsylvania Northampton Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Health and Physical Education Computer Science and Information Technology
Magna Cum Laude Computer Science
1980
Computer Science
 
Computer Science
Skills
billing system, Blood Pressure, Brand management, Business development, business processes, Cancer, Data analysis, sales, SQL,
telecommunications, telecom