AVIATION PARTS SALESMAN
Career Focus
Earned a Private Pilot's License in August 2008, with a total time of 95 hours. Familiar with airspace and pattern work, as well as interacting with
ATC. 
Hobbies include R/C aircraft, gaming, and Windows computers. Experience working with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.
Enrolled in the Air Force's ROTC program from September 2009 to January 2011. Learned valuable leadership skills, as well as participated in
the community with volunteer events such as the DisAbility Sports Festival at the CSUSB campus in San Bernardino, CA.
Core Qualifications
Education and Training
Bachelor's Degree
 
:
 
Professional Aeronautics Management and Aviation Safety
 
4 2014
 
Embry Riddle Aeronautical University
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.8
GPA: 4.00
 
GPA: 3.8 GPA: 4.00 Professional Aeronautics Management and Aviation Safety
2009
 
Silver Valley High School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.50 GPA: 4.00
Associate's Degree
 
:
 
Professional Aeronautics Management, Safety, Aeronautical Science, and Information Systems
 
10 2012
 
Embry Riddle
Aeronautical University
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.8 GPA: 4.00
 
GPA: 3.8 GPA: 4.00 Professional Aeronautics Management, Safety, Aeronautical Science,
and Information Systems
Human Factors Security Aviation Safety Occupational Safety and Health Air Traffic Control Aircraft Maintenance Aeronautical Science
Work Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Aviation Parts Salesman
 
05/2013
 
to 
01/2014
Salary: 14.00 
USD Per Hour Hours per week: 40 Supervisor: Ray Ferreira (405 409 1635) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes
Responsible for sales and customer service, providing information on pricing, availability, condition, trace, and other information to
customers by phone and email through the use of Quantum and AMICS inventory software.
Logged and retrieved price information and customer and vendor quotations.
Assessed inventory physically with most purchase orders and most requests for information on parts.
Relayed information related to missing parts not in proper locations to material management or inventory specialists.
Strengthened shipping department operations by weighing parts and packages, affixing labels, packaging and wrapping parts, and assisting
with quality control paperwork when required.
Inspected parts for customers with regards to data plates and actual part conditions and included paperwork.
Pictures and additional information were provided on customer request to assure complete approval, as well as homogeneity with
information already existing in company databases.
Introduced to the standard operation process of the warehouse.
Aided in placing repair orders or return orders to their respective locations.
Fulfilled customer requests regarding condition and trace documents for drop shipments.
Instructed about hazardous materials such as Skydrol as well as procedures to protect against them with PPE.
Properly lifted and moved heavy parts such as actuators and hydraulic pumps to and from the shipping bay for processing, weighing, and
packaging when requested.
Accumulated driving experience during hour long commutes to and from work, and traveled that distance twice a day during employment.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Package/Front Counter Attendant
 
10/2012
 
to 
05/2013
Salary: 7.75 
USD Per Hour Hours per week: 25 Supervisor: Susan ((405) 273-9125) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Performed
standing, walking, bending, stooping, pulling, and lifting movements during restocking of milk crates and roller carts over an extended
amount of time in harsh conditions, such as in walk-in freezers.
Emptied and moved heavy trash cans as well as regularly cleaned under tables.
Moved and lifted ice cream squares during front counter restocking periods.
Performed customer service, cash handling, food preparation, cleaning, and other general upkeep responsibilities.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Lead Autonomous Ground Vehicle Installer
 
08/2011
 
to 
12/2011
Salary: 21.00 
USD Per Hour Hours per week: 40 Supervisor: Jim Kennedy ((931) 303-1748) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Lifted
and moved heavy boxes containing Pronto 4 autonomous vehicle kits into 50 brand-new Chevy Colorado vehicles for the U.S.
Navy's MLT (Mobile Land Target) Program.
Frequently operated underneath and inside vehicles at awkward angles to drill holes, lift out seats, remove airbags, and other tasks.
Utilized various PPE (glasses, gloves, steel toe boots, etc) around the vehicles during shifts.
Interpreted OEM instructions on installation and made on-the-fly changes to brake clamp installations as per request due to offsite testing.
Inspected each package and inventoried each part kit and signed off on installations to verify they were complete before moving on to the
next vehicle.
Supervised our team and acted as a liaison for the Navy representative overseeing the operation.
Responsible for scheduling travel and hotel accommodations and payroll hours for the team.
Skills
cash handling, customer service, databases, driving, email, inventory, materials, Navy, next, packaging, payroll, pricing, quality control, Safety,
sales, scheduling, shipping, Supervisor, tables, phone