CORPORATE REGIONAL RECRUITER
Summary
Highly driven Recruiter who maintains a positive attitude under pressure and welcomes the challenge and responsibility of producing results quickly
for clients.
Highlights
Recruiting and selection techniques
Proficient communicator
Fluent in 
Spanish
Practiced in HRIS technologies
 
iCIMS Applicant Tracking software
Talent assessments
Hiring recommendations
Experience
Corporate Regional 
Recruiter
 
06/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for screening, interviewing and referring the most qualified applicants to hiring managers.
Works with Talent Acquisition Specialist to effectively market open positions positively as "opportunities" while providing applicants with a
realistic job preview; presents Bethesda as a premier provider of services.
Establishes, cultivates and maintains ongoing relationships with management in order to understand recruitment needs and identify skills
needed for vacancies.
Attends departmental staff and other meetings as requested to acquire substantial knowledge about department's business objectives, goals,
operations and work culture.
Conducts daily calls with potential candidates to build pipeline of applicants to meet common and unique staffing needs; updates candidates
on the hiring process and ensures a smooth transition post-hire.
Partners with Regional HR Director, Talent Acquisition Specialist and regional management to develop and implement the regional
recruitment plan.
Manages established selection process to include initial interviewing to screen for basic qualifications.
Collects data and statistics for use in designing recruitment plans and measuring the effectiveness of various recruitment efforts.
Healthcare Recruiter
 
02/2014
 
to 
06/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Develop a measurable strategic plan for recruitment that reflects the market analysis, seasonal trends, volume of business and sales activity
within a given market.
Actively sources candidates using multiple sources, strategies, and methods, Performs strategic recruitment and marketing activities,
including resume mining, job fairs and professional networking events.
Performs prescreening and interviewing for field employees.
Enters all new applicant information in the computer system.
Conducts new hire process, 
Reviews and verifies all new hire documentation and credentials; verifies references, completes criminal
background check and drug test processes.
Makes hiring decisions for field employees.
Fill open orders.
Audit facility compliance to ensure candidates can attend facility orientations.
Post job descriptions to appropriate posting sites.
Attend Weekly staffing meetings.
Complete weekly reports for staffing.
Adhere to policies and procedures.
Meets or exceeds Recruiter benchmarks.
Performs other duties as assigned.
National Physician Recruiter
 
02/2012
 
to 
11/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Made cold calls to develop relationships with potential providers.
Contacted current providers to grow existing relationships and pursued referrals.
Engaged with current 
and potential providers with the objective being to assess their current situation and facilitate a match between them
and one of our clients.
Ensured that potential candidates met quality metrics by asking qualifying questions and following up on any discrepancies.
Presented qualified providers to account executives and business development representatives.
Negotiated rates and expenses as required.
Sourced providers via resume databases and network sites.
Wrote provider agreements and exhibits as necessary.
Followed up with any accepted providers while on client engagements to ensure satisfaction.
Promptly escalated any and all candidate issues to the account executive or business development representative.
Actively managed an ever expanding portfolio of providers.Ensured all data is inputted into the company sales force account as it occurs.
Prepared to consult with account executives, business development representatives and management regarding all provider activities.
National Healthcare Recruiter
 
08/2011
 
to 
02/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Sourced healthcare professionals for travel and contract assignments.
Qualified candidates based on 
client requirements.
Maintaining pipelines to passive candidates.
Make 60-100 daily outbound calls and emails to potential candidates.
Customer relationship development and management.
Demonstrated problem solving and closing abilities.
Personnel management and schedule organization for external employees.
Managed correspondence between healthcare professionals and Agency.
Completed profile and credentialing for candidate submittals in the absence of Recruitment Coordinator.
Recruiter
 
07/2009
 
to 
08/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Developed and executed recruiting plans.
Networked through industry contacts, association memberships, trade groups and employees.
Coordinated and implemented college recruiting initiatives.
Work with hiring managers on recruiting planning meetings.
Created job descriptions.
Participated in the creation of a recruiting and interviewing plan for each open position.
Efficiently and effectively fill open positions.
Conducted regular follow-up with managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementation.
Developed a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need.
Built networks to find qualified passive candidates.
Posted openings in newspaper advertisements, with professional organizations, and in other position appropriate venues.
Utilized the Internet for recruitment.
Located and documented where to find ideal candidates.
Aided public relations in establishing a recognizable "employer of choice" reputation for the company, both internally and externally.
Communicated with managers and employees regularly to establish rapport, gauge morale, and source new candidate leads.
Created contacts within industry.
Attended local professional meetings and membership development meetings.
Maintained regular contact with possible future candidates.
Maintain all pertinent applicant and interview data in the Human Resources Information System (HRIS).
Assisted in performing reference and background checks for potential employees.
Assisted in writing and forwarding rejection letters.
Assisted in interviewing and selecting employee's onsite.
Assisted in preparing and sending offer packages.
Assisted in preparing and sending new employee orientation packages.
Admissions Recruiter
 
12/2005
 
to 
07/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Recruited, trained, coached, and managed members of the admissions team.
Managed lead flow and distribution.
Established, monitored, and met goals for program enrollments.
Worked collaboratively with all college staff and faculty.
Contributed to the process and implementation of strategic planning.
Kept abreast of trends that impacted recruitment efforts.
Organized and conducted open house events for prospective students.
Interviewed prospective students via telephone and personal interviews.
processed student enrollments and maintained database system to track prospective students and 
enrollments.
Created and managed marketing materials to recruit new students and retain current students.
Education
B.A
 
: 
Sociology
 
08/1998
 
Portland State University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sociology
Languages
Bilingual in Spanish
Skills
premier, advertisements, Agency, basic, business development, Closing, Corporate Communications, client, clients, databases, database,
designing, documentation, hiring, HRIS, Human Resources, HR, letters, Director, market analysis, Marketing Strategies, marketing, Market,
marketing materials, Media Relations, meetings, Works, network, networking, networks, newspaper, Personnel management, policies,Presentation Skills, problem solving, processes, public relations, quality, rapport, Recruitment, recruiting, Recruiter, Selling, Sales, Sales Planning,
Spanish, staffing, statistics, strategic, strategic planning, telephone, Territory Management, unique