INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
Summary
Highly skilled and results-oriented IT specialistÂ with extensive experience in Software Development, Software Configuration Management,
Project Management, System Planning & Specification Development, CMMI5, Quality Assurance and Testing.Â 
Highlights
Process improvement
Quality assurance and control
Results-oriented
Relationship building
Productivity improvement
Project development and lifecycle
Detail-oriented
Work flow planning
Experience
Information Technology Specialist
 
August 2006
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Track and control over 150 change requests per month.
Manage the repository for Software and Customer Requirements Documents, Agreements and Governance Specifications.
Document and communicate defects and problems with stakeholders and developers.
Develop and report critical metrics related to CRSMB change request activity.
Ensure that all activities involved in the software design, coding and testing of the application software have been successfully completed
before releasing software for independent testing and deployment into the production environment.
Deploy application software to the Test and Production environments using code management tools.
Manage logging change requests into the tracking system and assigning work activities to members of the branch.
Evaluate the adequacy of current CM processes and procedures and make recommendations for CM process improvement.
Coordinate and communicate with developers, subject matter personnel, stakeholders, database management support and project
managers.
Performed platform testing and performance testing during the migration to the Serena Business Management (SBM) system.
Collaborated in the design of the Serena Business Manager (SBM) Workflow.
Administrator for the Serena Business Manager (SBM) System.
Proficiency in working with Serena Version Manager as a software repository, WinSCP and Reflections for the migration and staging of
application software to the testing and production LINUX environment.
Maintain the Branch's SharePoint Site, ensuring current documentation and resources are available to the Division.
Document CM procedures and provide training to new CM staff members, and members of the Division.
Execute test scripts as needed in the implementation and deployment of software related Test and Production project development.
Assure that software releases are performed in compliance with established CMMI guidelines.
Solve technology related issues by researching potential problems and offer a solution in the deployment of software and change request
tracking.
Ensure that each CM change request has passed regulated security checks.
Maintain a well established, well defined, documented, and repeatable processes within standards of Capability Maturity Model Integration
(CMMI)
Computer Specialist
 
August 1996
 
to 
August 2006
 
Company Name
Detailed and refined requirements, wrote algorithms, developed programs and command procedures.
Developed solutions to improve software performance.
Enhanced testing procedures.
Performed software testing, debugging, and validation using internally developed test scripts, test plans, and results criteria.
Developed and delivered software products.
Communicated with IT staff and subject matter on project requirements
Conducted program demonstrations with team members prior to the release of software.
Performed extensive database testing, automated testing and data validation in support of the MAF/TIGER database's migration to Oracle.
Developed database test scenarios and supporting software in Pro C and Oracle to validate the migration to the Oracle platform.
Worked extensively in PL/SQL, SQL, Shell scripting in LINUX, JavaScript, SAS, and Visual Basic.
Attended meetings with DivisionÂ managers Â to review project status and proposed changes.
Created status reports and posted to the GEO website for management review.
Designed and maintained branch website.
Â 
Computer Specialist
 
July 1994
 
to 
August 1996
 
Company NameÂ 
Designed and developed electronic questionnaires, "instruments", for Computer Assisted Survey Information Collection (CASIC) activities.
Led meetings withÂ subject matter staff to review 
project status and proposed changes.
Met with the subject matter staff and the sponsor on the details and development of the programming specifications, design and testing of
the CAI.
Delivered status reports to stakeholders for budgeting and planning purposes.
Collaborated with program sponsor to draft project schedules and plans.
Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.
Program Manager of the Survey of Inmates of Local Jails.
Mathematical Statistician
 
February 1988
 
to 
July 1994
 
Company Name
Â 
Worked in the Research & Methodology Branch of the Industry Division.
Worked with team on the statistical methodology for designing a ratio estimation procedure.
Developed estimation and variance methodologies.
Developed the sampling frame, and independent probability proportional-to-size sampling (PPS) maintenance of surveys.
Designedcomputer algorithms for assigning the sampling weights, the nonresponse sample weight adjustment, and calculation of the
estimates, variances, and relative standard sampling errors.
Developed computer software needed for survey sample selection.
Provided programming expertise, assisted subject matter analysts with software and instruments for aiding in data reviews for the many
annual and monthly surveys.
Education
Applied Probabilty and Statistics
 
University of Maryland
Survey Theory
 
USDA Graduate School
Master of Science
 
: 
Urban Regional Planning
 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Physical Geography
 
Indiana University of Pennsylvania
Professional Development Training
Serena Business Manager Composer
Serena Business Manager Administrator
Configuration and Release Management Training
Unix Programming
Oracle 10G Programming
Oracle JDeveloper
Java Programming
Object Oriented Programming
Intro to UNIX Systems
Advanced UNIX
Learning PERL
Advanced C Language Programming
Advanced PL/SQL Programming
Fundamentals of SAS
SQL Processing with SAS
SAS Programing
Table Processing with SAS
Output Delivery Systems
Utilizing VAX/VMS
Demand Terminal Language
Package References
Objects and Modules
Skills
Configuration Management, Process Development, Process Improvement, Database Management, Software Development, Software Testing,
Serena Version Manager, Serena Business Manager, Serena Business Administrator, Reflections, WinSCP, JavaScript, LINUX, Microsoft
Access, Office, SharePoint, Enterprise, Oracle, PL/SQL, Oracle SQL, C, SAS, LINUX, Visual Basic