FLIGHT MANAGER
Summary
I am an enthusiastic, fun and dedicated professional with exceptional communication, account management and conflict resolution skills. I have a
passion for building relationships and providing exceptional customer service. Motivated by competition, Self-starter, and an effective team
member.
Highlights
Professional Summary
Core Qualifications
Negotiation
De-escalation
Customer Service
Conflict Resolution
Account Management
Time Management
Sales
International Logistics
Project Management
 Strong interpersonal skills
Skilled in MS Office
Customer-oriented
Skilled multi-tasker
Exceptional customer service skills
Experience
January 2013
to
Current
Company Name
 
Flight Manager
Manage daily operations for 80 to 120 aircraft and strengthen relationships with assigned crew members to ensure a seamless travel
experience for the client.
Responsible for gathering and disseminating timely information to remedy disruptions caused by, but not limited to weather, human error and
aircraft abnormalities.
Provide a timely, professional and educated resource to crew members by thoroughly researching every concern and calmly resolving
elevated issues.
Train, mentor and act as a resource to new team members.
Collaborated with leadership to create new communication tools for faster and more effective communication between departments.
January 2012
to
January 2013
Company Name
 
Sales Associate
Responsible for greeting customers and providing an enjoyable shopping experience through excellent customer service, product knowledge
and communication.
Hired as a permanent employee after being hired to seasonal help resulting from high productivity.
Independently designed store visuals using guidance from corporate standards.
January 2009
to
January 2013
Company Name
 
Front Desk Coordinator
Responsible for proving customer service, database instruction and fielding phone calls.
Spearheaded the creation of an interactive advertisement/ exibit for a school play showcasing students writing and acting talents.
Education
2013
Kent State University
 
Bachelor of Applied Studies
Skills
Account Management, conflict resolution, client, excellent customer service, Customer Service, database, instruction, leadership, Logistics,
mentor, Negotiation, Project Management, researching, Sales, Self-starter, phone, Time Management