SR. HR GENERALIST
Summary
Quality-driven analytical professional who delivers consistent and successful results in HR affairs, including recruitment and retention, staff
development, safety and health, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation, HR audit and records management, HR policies
development and legal compliance.
Highlights
HRIS (Kronos, Lawson, PeopleSoft, QuickBooks, HBI, ADP
& Oracle)
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), EMR,
Medical Manager.
Certified Mouth Swab- Drug test facilitator
Accomplishments
Created and implemented a training program for managers and supervisors including topics such as; employee motivation, effective leadership,
completing disciplinary actions and performance reviews.
Satisfied record keeping requirements evaluated during annual HR Audit.
Reduce turnover rate by improving recruitment strategies, effective interviewing and proper selection. Improve employee relations events increasing
employee participation and satisfaction
Experience
Sr. HR Generalist
 
01/2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manage and Coordinate HR Support to 5 Resorts throughout South and Central Florida.
Enforce company's policies and procedures for 2000+ employees, in conjunction with the bargaining agreement.
Responsible for short and long term planning and management of the Human Resources function.
Recommend the department's budget and manage expenses within approved budget constraints.
Major areas of responsibility/management include, but are not limited to, employment, wage and salary administration, benefits, training,
employee/labor relations, organizational development and payroll.
Work closely with Resorts General Manager implementing, achieving and maintaining the Resort's goals and objectives.
Participate in total Resort management as a member of the Resort Executive Team.
Key Accomplishments: Created and implemented a training program for managers and supervisors including topics such as; employee
motivation, effective leadership, completing disciplinary actions and performance reviews.
Satisfied record keeping requirements evaluated during annual HR Audit.
Reduce turnover rate by improving recruitment strategies, effective interviewing and proper selection.
Improve employee relations events increasing employee participation and satisfaction.
Office Manager
 
01/2010
 
to 
01/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for recruiting, interviewing, and hiring as well as monitoring payroll for over 60 retail employees.
Managed workers compensation cases for all employees.
Maintain HRIS database and 200+ personnel files.
Conducted reference checks and performed new hire and safety orientation for new employees.
Administer Personal Time Off and Sick Time records in the HRIS database for over 4000 employees in 4 states.
Ran and audited weekly benefits reports.
Acted as a liaison between benefit vendors and employees to resolve and troubleshoot claims issues.
Issue monthly and quarterly workers compensation reports to senior management.
Maintained OSHA logs and acted as a liaison between the carrier and the injured employees.
Conducted new hire benefits orientation and organized annual benefits fair.
Key Accomplishments: Developed and implemented PTO plans and Sick Time Plans for groups of employees that were currently not being
tracked in the HRIS database.
Discovered and corrected a $200,000 error in reporting reserves for workers compensation claims.
Redesigned and updated the open enrollment and new hire benefits newsletter.
Provide assistance to the Benefits Manager in creating a companywide wellness program.
HR Specialist
 
01/2008
 
to 
01/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Promoted company wide a broad range of HR functions; Job Fairs and , administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary actions, and
managing HR records.
Co-chaired annual flex-enrollment meetings, resolved conflicts between employees and insurance carriers, coordinated health fairs to
promote employee wellness and performed exit interviews.
Worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; create group benefits databases; and develop
orientation, training and incentive programs.
Key Accomplishments: Foster a teamwork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.
Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind branch's employee-retention rate of 89% within an industry where high turnover is the
norm.
Devise creative and cost-effective incentive and morale-boosting programs (including special events and a tiered awards structure) thatincreased employee satisfaction and productivity.
Reduced benefits costs by 15% annually through meticulous recordkeeping and ensuring that company did not pay for benefits for which
employees were ineligible.
Education
Master of Science
 
: 
Industrial/Organization Psych
 
2012
 
University of Phoenix
 
City
 
, 
State
Industrial/Organization Psych
BA
 
: 
Business Administration Human Resources Management
 
2009
 
Interamerican University of Puerto Rico
 
City
 
, 
State
Business Administration Human Resources Management
Languages
Bilingual (English/Spanish)
Skills
ADP, Benefits, budget, databases, employee relations, special events, senior management, General Manager, hiring, HRIS, insurance, Kronos,
labor relations, Lawson, leadership, managing, Medical Manager, meetings, Access, Excel, MS Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, 2000, Word,
newsletter, Oracle, organizational development, payroll, PeopleSoft, performance reviews, personnel, policies, Progress, QuickBooks, record
keeping, recruiting, reporting, retail, safety, teamwork, troubleshoot