ADVANCED LEVEL WHEELED VEHICLE MECHANIC
Career Focus
To obtain a challenging, rewarding position in a professional and structured environment, where I can utilize my vast military experience, work ethic
and training to become an integral contributor to a growing and productive organization. Skills Proven excellence with budgets, schedules,
coordination, supervision, training, management, and maintenance of projects and programs at all levels, effectively interpreting and communicating
requirements across functional organizations. In depth knowledge of OSHA, NAVOSH, and the handling, storage and disposition of Government
Owned Property, and capable of providing effective employee training on all related topics. Verbal, interpersonal skills: able to facilitate
cooperation among team members. Managerial skills with time management and delegation with the initiative to take on tasks and resolve problems
immediately. Deeply instilled discipline, work ethic, customer astuteness, and conceptual thinking. A fast learner who will be an immediate asset to
any workplace. Windows Server 2008 - planning, deploying, configuring, and maintaining AD infrastructure, environment, and objects.
Core Qualifications
Installation, Configuring, and Management of Windows 7
Active Directory Windows Server 2008 R2
Administration of Active Directory
Managing Windows Server 2008 R2 Components
IP Addressing & Name Resolution
Network Components of Windows Server 2008 R2
Windows Server 2008 R2 MCSE 70-640, MCSE 70-642 and MCSE 70-646 Key Differences between Server 2003 and Server 2008.
Windows 7 Domain Integration & Client Support. DHCP, WINS, RRAS, IPSEC, TCP/IP, & Computer Troubleshooting.
Installing and supporting Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 in virtual environment.
IP and IP Routing; IPsec; DHCP; Remote Access. Installing, configuring, managing, and maintaining hardware.
Configuring Domain Name Resolution, Network Connectivity; Installing and Deploying Windows Server 2008.
Windows Server 2008 AD DS; Domain Controllers; Sites and Replication; Domains and Forests.
Windows Server 2008 AD Group Policy; Managing Files; Backup; Managing Printers; File Servers
Monitoring Computers; Patch Management and Security; Certificate Services and Server Virtualization
In depth knowledge of the following: Network protocols and devices; TCP/IP including Sub netting and CIDR notation.
Education and Training
2016
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Information System Security
 
Colorado Technical University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Pursuing BAS in Information System SecurityÂ 
2012
Certificate of Completion
 
: 
Network Administrator
 
Centriq Training 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
2011
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Information Security
 
Columbia Southern University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Pursuing BAS in Information Security
Work Experience
04/2008
 
to 
06/2012
Advanced Level Wheeled Vehicle Mechanic
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Successfully provided training and schedules, supervised, and guided my team through all aspects of recovery operations, in-process
inspection/troubleshooting procedures, repairs and overhaul of all assigned wheeled vehicle mechanical and electrical components and
systems, including but not limited to: power plant/packs, compression ignition engines, engine fuel systems, air induction and exhaust
systems, cooling systems, vehicle chassis, frame cross members, clutches assemblies, transmissions, transfers, final drives, propeller shaft
assemblies, brake systems steering systems, suspensions systems, fifth wheel assemblies, wheeled vehicle crane, hoist and winch assemblies,
and hydraulic systems, and automotive electrical systems.
Supervised and performed diagnostic troubleshooting to determine maintenance repair criteria using Test Measurement Diagnostic
Equipment (TMDE).
Performed equipment classification inspections and processed all appropriate documentation.
Performed battlefield damage, assessment, and repair (BDAR).
Supervised team performance in compliance with all applicable safety and security guidelines and standards, including OSHA and 670-1
Army Standard of Procedures.
Responsible for parts and maintenance of over 125 vehicles, I trained my soldiers on the use of the electronic manual to research part
numbers.
I was responsible for all parts, orders and procurement schedules, and I conducted monthly, quarterly, and yearly inventories of all shop
tools and tents.
Controlled Government Owned Property including vehicles, supplies and tooling valued at approximately $3 million.
Coordinated and prepared Up Armored Vehicles, Tools and supplies for travel to Iraq May 2009.
Researched and provided Military Intelligence to mission going Soldiers during the 12-month deployment of Operation Iraqi Freedom
Campaign.
I supervised and provided training and guidance to eight soldiers, and helped them initiate their civilian and military education, fostering
personal and professional development.
01/2000
Organizational Apprentice Maintenance Technician Organizational Maintenance Technician
 
Company Name
01/2000
During my tour, I was promoted to Tool Petty Officer and Training Petty Officer.During my tour, I was promoted to Tool Petty Officer and Training Petty Officer.
Maintained and serviced aircraft engine, fuel, and lubrication systems.
Handled and serviced aircraft ashore, or aboard a ship.
Performed complete aircraft turbo shaft and turboprop engine repair to determine reasons for engine degradation through spectrometric oil
analysis tests.
I also evaluated jet engine performance by using jet test cells for fixed turbojet engines Corrosion Control - As an Aviation Mechanic, I
ensured the proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials according to OSHA and NAVOSH standards.
I maintained all 60 FA-18 Super Hornets up to U.S.
Navy paint scheme and corrosion protection standards, without incident.
I successfully maintained 60 government owned FA-18 E/F Super Hornets, valued at $3.6 billion, while supervising Navy airmen up to E3.
I effectively trained airmen on OSHA and NAVOSH Hazmat disposal requirements, conducted in training for Ship Board readiness in Rim
Pac Maneuvers in 1995 and 1997, and deployed on two Naval Westpac's in 1996 and 1997.
I also conducted maintenance and paint scheme training on the F/A 18 E/F super Hornet during Carrier Qualifications aboard the U.S.S.
Lincoln.
As Tool Petty Officer, I was in charge of controlling additional government owned property, including shop tools valued at $80,000, as well
as 20 mechanics' tool boxes valued at $120,000.
11/1994
 
to 
05/2002
Aviation Mechanic
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Certifications
Â CompTIA A+ Certified Pursuing Network Security Certification Centriq Administrator Program CertificateÂ Military Basic Military Training
Duke (electronic warfare) Training Rollover in MRAP's and Humvee's Training IED Training MRAP's (Mine Resistant Ambush Protected)
Vehicles Training Combat Life Saver Skills Training Aberdeen Proving Ground 
91B (Light Wheel Mechanic) Training F/A 18 Power Plant
Training Air Craft Corrosion Control & Paint Touch Up and Markings Ship Board Fire Fighting SchoolÂ 
Skills
A+ Certified, Active Directory, Backup Hardware, Computer Troubleshooting, Client Support, DHCP, File Servers, IP Configuration, Power
Point, Excel, Word, Access, MCSE, Windows 7, Â Network Security,Routing, TCP/IP Protocol.Â 
Additional Information
Active DoD Secret Security ClearanceÂ 
Commendations Meritorious Unity Commendation Medal USN Commendation National Defense Service Medal X2 Armed Forces
Expeditionary Medal Global War On Terrorism Service Medal Iraq Campaign Med W Campaign Star Army Service Ribbon Overseas
Service Ribbon Mechanic Driver Badge Good Conduct Medal X2