AVIATION CAMP ASSISTANT
Profile
Highly motivated and results-oriented individual seeking an internship as an Aerospace Engineer at Northrop Grumman. Special interests include
Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, Aeronautical Development and Design, Structural Analysis, and in related areas inside a competitive environment
where I will use my experience to best serve the needs of the company.
Skills
MATLAB, AVL, C Programming, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
October 2013
 
to 
Current
Collaborating with others to meet mission requirements and accomplish objectives provided by the Northrop Grumman aerospace
company.
Part of the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Simulations Team constructing models of the UAVs in order to obtain important aerodynamic
properties to perform flight test simulations.
Worked directly with the UAVs to take accurate measurements in order to model it.
Designed accurate aerodynamic models of the UAVs using the program AVL, a program for the aerodynamic and flight-dynamic analysis of
rigid aircraft of arbitrary configuration.
Modeled all lifting surfaces, control surfaces, and fuselage.
Created data and run files of mass properties corresponding with each UAV.
Executed the run files for each UAV in order to obtain a full linearization of the aerodynamic model about any flight state with specified mass
properties.
Extracted stability-axis derivatives that will be imported into the flight simulation program, FlightGear, to model the simulated plane to have
the same flight characteristics and behaviors as the UAVS.
Company Name
 
October 2013
 
to 
Current
Collaborating with a team to design and construct an aircraft that will be competing at the SAE Aero Design West.
Sanded the balsa wood wings smooth for the preparation of carbon fiber wrapping.
Prepared the epoxy resin mixture for application.
Wrapped the leading edge, wing spars, fuselage molds, and fuselage walls with carbon fiber.
Sawed and drill cutted fuselage components.
Aeronautics F-22 Project Winter 2014 Performed as Team Leader for a team of four for the experimentation and analysis of flight
dynamics and parameters of Lockheed Martin's F-22 Raptor Implemented low-speed wind and water tunnel testing using test models to
obtain and investigate flight dynamics and performance characteristics.
Analyzed the flow vortices over the wing at varying velocities at increasing angles of attacks.
Calculated and observed the relationship and importance of the effect of Reynold's numbers on aerodynamic coefficients.
Compiled a technical report detailing the results of the calculations and observations, and compared the accuracy of wind/water tunnel
testing to theoretical F-22 characteristics.
Company Name
 
May 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Aviation Camp Assistant
 
City
 
, 
State
Assist children in building and flying model aircraft, launch rockets, complete flight simulation missions, and 
conduct flight-related science
experiments.
Assist in teaching course lessons based on aviation, air, and space topics Organize and prepare lesson materials and work directly with
instructors during hands-on projects and 
activities.
Supervise elementary school-aged campers during sign-in, sign-out, and break times.
Supervised field trips to aviation-related locations.
Work with a team comprised of diverse instructors, assistants, and volunteers to provide children an 
educational and unforgettable
experience.
Company Name
 
August 2012
 
to 
January 2013
 
Guest Experiences Specialist
 
City
 
, 
State
Offer superior service to potential and actual guests to the museum according to established procedures.
Handle a large volume of in-person questions about The Tech Museum, exhibits, programs, films, special 
events as well as the downtown
San Jose area.
Be knowledgeable about The Tech Museum's mission, programs and exhibits and stay current with the 
functioning of the entire institution.
Greet school groups by meeting teachers at buses outside the Group entrance, giving chaperone and student 
instructions to large groups
Work collaboratively with other Guest Experiences staff, other museum staff and volunteers to provide an 
efficient and seamless experience
for guests.
Education and Training
California State Polytechnic University
 
June 2016
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Aerospace Engineering
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.1 Dean's List - 2 quarters 
* Class
Level: 
Junior
 
Aerospace Engineering GPA: 3.1 Dean's List - 2 quarters 
* Class Level: 
Junior Aerospace Structural Mechanics I, Aerospace
Feedback Control Systems, Fluid Dynamics, Gas Dynamics, Low-Speed Aerodynamics, Orbital Mechanics, Vector Dynamics, Thermodynamics.Sophomore Aircraft Design, Experimental Aerodynamics, Experimental Aerothermodynamics, Aerodynamics and Flight Performance,
Supersonic/Hypersonic Aerodynamics, Stability and Controls of Aerospace Vehicles, Guidance and Controls, Aerothermodynamics I, II, & III,
Aerospace Structural Analysis I & II, Electric Circuit Theory, Electronics, Aerospace Engineering Analysis, Technical Writing for Engineers
Interests
American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) Fall 2013 - Present Active member at national and collegiate level Attend biweekly
general meetings and attend field trips Society of Women Engineers (SWE) 
Fall 2014 - Present Active member at national level SAE International
Fall 2014 - Present Active member at national and collegiate level
Languages
Conversational Spanish
Skills
C Programming, derivatives, edge, Electronics, special 
events, Team Leader, Lockheed Martin, materials, MATLAB, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft
PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, San, simulation, Conversational Spanish, teaching, Technical Writing
Additional Information
Involvement American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) Fall 2013 - Present Active member at national and collegiate level
Attend biweekly general meetings and attend field trips Society of Women Engineers (SWE) 
Fall 2014 - Present Active member at national
level SAE International 
Fall 2014 - Present Active member at national and collegiate level