GLOBAL FINANCE ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Honest, reliable, dependable, hardworking, quick learner, enthusiastic, motivated individual with strong work ethics, who is results driven, detail
oriented, and well organized with a fervent desire to learn and be part of a professional team which offers continued opportunities for professional
and personal growth.
Skills
Excellent people and self-management techniques, Excellent Client or Business partner relations, Excellent Written and Oral communication
abilities, Excellent problem-solving skills, File maintenance, Experience using Windows 98, 2000, 2007, 2010, 2013, Power Point, MS
Outlook, MS Word, Bolt, MAC, Millennium, Internet, SAP 7.5, Sabre, Great Plains, Lawson HRIS, CSG, ProAlpha, Quick Books, Centricity,
AS400, Oracle R11, Oracle R12, MAS 90, Kofax, Excel. Knowledge of Financial Management and human resource, SOX compliant
procedures and ISO900.
Experience
Global Finance Accountant
 
Oct 2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Process and Analyze invoices and expense reports to ensure appropriate approvals in accordance with CGE Expenditure Authorization
Guidelines.
Ensures accuracy of tax calculations for all invoice payments and accrues additional tax expense and payable during the posting process.
Communicate with business partners and external vendors on invoice inquiries and other expense related activities.
Apply company, cost center, general ledger (GL), and other required coding for financial information system entries to ensure accuracy of
posting entries and accrual reporting.
Compile and prepare standard reports for review by other associates and managers in accordance with accounting standards and company
policies.
Create, prepare and distribute weekly proposals to the team.
Researched discrepancies and updated accounts with accurate information.
Resolved reconciliation discrepancies in a timely manner.
Ensure that company financial systems are robust, compliant and support current activities and future growth.
Reconciled all Balance Sheet accounts monthly.
Review the Financial Statements monthly to ensure accuracy.
Managed company policies regarding capital requirements, debt, taxation, equity, disposals and acquisitions, as appropriate.
Established a high level of credibility and manage strong working relationships with external parties including vendors and advisors prepare
for financial audit and coordinate the audit process.
collect and analyze financial information to recommend or develop efficient use of resources and procedures, provide strategic
recommendations and maintain solutions to business and financial problems.
Financial Analyst / Accounts Payable
 
Jul 2013
 
to 
Jan 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Process external invoices in R11/ R12 (Oracle) for multiple entities, domestic and foreign, within established service level commitments.
Ensure processing of payments of invoices, refunds and expenses is in compliance with established key controls.
Provide strong customer service, support and demonstrate initiative in preventing invoice issues.
Research, and resolve invoice and payment issues with external vendors.
Assist in documentation and implementation of a global Accounts Payable function.
Train internal and external customers/ new employees on policy and procedures.
Provide assistance, support and develop strong communications for the internal/ external business units 
Assist management with projects as
necessary for the Finance organization.
Communicated with various partners, including Corporate and Regional FP&A and counterparts and Finance Business Partners.
Assist with internal and external SOX audits.
Handled reconciliation of monthly statements Complete and review of account reconciliations.as a part of month end closing procedure.
Responsible for the day- to-day general ledger accounting and financial reporting and analysis for assigned functional areas.
Research and resolve Business Units inquiries for assigned functional areas.
Provide financial tracking and maintenance support to Project Managers.
Partnered and collaborated with Business Units from several regions to help deliver on various objectives including fiscal year annual
operating planning.
Built strong knowledge of Visa's business through constant communication with the Business units from several different regions.
Ensured financial data accuracy, integrity and consistency of information as well as organized documentation of results and data sources
used.
Support production of monthly reports including performing accurate variance analysis and outlining contributing factors.
Financial Operations Analyst
 
Jun 2011
 
to 
Jun 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Team player responsible for processing over 385,000 invoices annually.
Handled reconciliation of monthly statements.
Documented completion and review of account reconciliations.as a part of month end closing procedure.
Audited merchandise invoices against internal purchase orders per SOX compliance.Responsible for overseeing the review of the daily settlement process to ensure that net cash settlements are complete, accurate, and posted
in a timely manner.
Reviewed vendor processes and transactions to ensure they are being performed accurately.
Participated in SOX complaint projects.
Processed and maintained accounting records for business units/sub-regional offices to ensure a high quality of accounting accuracy,
timeliness of reporting and compliance to corporate policies per GAAP and SOX requirements.
Handled and disputed chargebacks.
Maintained lists of accounts receivable and payable.
Updated vendor files and file numbers.
Print and distributed monthly financial reports.
Partnered and collaborated with Business Units from several regions to help deliver on various objectives including fiscal year annual
operating plan.
Utilized business understanding to perform financial and statistical.
Documented completion and review of account reconciliations.
AP Manager / Accountant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I 
1/16-10/16.
Partner with Controller to monitor weekly cash flow and prioritize payables.
Analyze business operations, trends, costs, revenues, financial commitments, and obligations, to project future revenues and expenses.
Lead integration and plan for all post-acquisition functions as it relates to accounts payable.
Accountable for the ongoing analysis of process constraints, target costing projects, margin analysis, and tracing costs back to underlying
activities.
Coordinate and manage all payables-related audit requests.
Uphold SOX and internal control standards by documenting and maintaining standard operating procedures.
Manage accounting functions including maintenance of general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and project accounting;
ensures accuracy and timeliness.
Manages monthly closing of financial records and posting of month end information; ensures accuracy of financial statements.
Survey operations to ascertain accounting needs and recommend, develop, and maintain solutions to business and financial problem.
Acts as a liaison between the company, government and external accountants to meet information needs and to ensure that proper
information is maintained for historical purposes.
Selects and hire employees for the Accounting/ Finance team.
Trains and evaluates employees to enhance their performance, development, and work product.
Addresses performance issues and makes recommendations for personnel actions.
Motivates and rewards employees including providing salary increases, bonuses and promotions within allocated budgets and company
guidelines.
Prepares and recommends operating and personnel budgets for approval.
Reconcile central travel account statements in the IExpense application.
Audit card program reconciliations; ghost purchasing card reconciliations; and auditing expense report violations in the IExpense
applications.
Provide knowledge of policies and procedures, supporting cardholders and general employee based on.
Travel and Entertainment related items and Purchasing Card related items.
Education and Training
M.B.A
 
, 
Accounting
 
12/2016
 
Accounting Volunteer San Antonio Food Bank 
6/17- Current Austin Humane Society
Skills
account reconciliations, Accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, accrual, acquisitions, AS400, auditing, Balance Sheet, budgets,
business operations, cash flow, closing, Oral communication, Controller, costing, Client, customer service, documentation, equity, expense reports,
Finance, financial, analyze financial information, financial audit, Financial Management, FP&A, financial reports, financial reporting, Financial
Statements, functional, general ledger, general ledger accounting, ghost, GL, government, Great Plains, HRIS, human resource, ISO, Lawson,
MAC, MAS 90, Excel, MS Outlook, Power Point, 2000, Windows 98, MS Word, Millennium, month end closing, Office Management, Oracle,
payables, personnel, policies, problem-solving skills, processes, coding, proposals, Purchasing, quality, Quick Books, File maintenance, reporting,
Research, Sabre, San, SAP 7.5, SOX compliance, settlements, strategic, tax, Team player, variance analysis, Excellent Written