SALES / FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
Looking out for a position as administration assistance with a reputed firm where I could use my core competencies and knowledge for the mutual
growth and benefit. A civil engineer / projects manager with more than 10 years of vast experience in management, planning, designing, bidding
and implementation of civil construction projects of buildings, Roads, hydraulic structures, solid waste transfer stations, waste water treatment
plants, concrete paving, security projects and etc. 
Enthusiastic and hardworking professional with experience of travelling to project sites around
the country including remote environments with limited communications or logistical support. Possess a great record of accomplishment of
contributing to continued business improvement processes and meeting the projects objectives. 
Professionally committed to delivering high quality
engineering and environmental services. Experience of working on infrastructure, utilities, and structural and highways projects. 
3 years experience
in administration, customer services, Auto finance and used cars selling with one of the best car dealership in Forest lane, Garland. Excellent
experience of doing business with United Auto Credit, Westlake and Lobel.
Highlights
Operating Systems: 
Windows, Mac OS X Software: 
Microsoft Office, AutoCAD, Photoshop, PDF professional, MS Outlook.
Experience
Sales / Finance Manager
 
Sep 2011
 
to 
Sep 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Determining annual unit and gross-profit plans by implementing marketing strategies and analyzing trends and results.
Establishing sales objectives by forecasting and developing annual sales quotas for regions and territories; projecting expected sales volume
and profit for existing and new products.
Implementing sales programs by developing field sales action plans.
Maintaining sales volume, product mix, and selling price by keeping current with supply and demand, changing trends, economic indicators,
and competitors.
Establishing and adjusting selling prices by monitoring car costs, competition, and supply and demand.
Contributing to team efforts by accomplishing related results as needed.
Manage the international sales.
Collecting payments follow with customers, customer services.
USACE/ CONTRACTOR (ALBASHIQ GROUP constructions and trading) 
MOSUL, NINEVEH, IRAQ.
Projects Manager
 
Sep 2005
 
to 
Sep 2011
 
Company Name
http://www.albashiqbird.com.
Estimating activities of project bids then performing the job perfectly depend on the bid and perfect specifications.
Defining the projects objective and developing plans to accomplish the objectives.
Work in order to define the specific objective of the projects.
Including members of the project team in the plan development phase.
Organizing function for involves identifying and securing necessary resources, determining tasks that must be completed, assigning the tasks,
delegating authority, and motivating team members to work together on the project.
Determining what tasks must be completed.
Motivating members of the project team to work together in order to complete the goal.
Tracking progress and comparing it with planned progress.
Solve problems and get the project back on track.
Responsible for guiding employees in achieving the goals and ambitions of the company.
Ensuring that all processes and practices are working in a proper manner.
Discussing with other members of the top management and devise any specific goals, which are to be accomplished within a certain time
period.
Overseeing all processes and pay minute attention to monthly or quarterly functioning of each individual practices.
Doing well experience and efficiency for handling the operations of individual practices in a company.
Training, guiding and assisting the newly hired process employees, regarding handling daily processes and employee performance.
Conducting presentations to the higher management pertaining to business, marketing, and advertising strategies, and all other necessary
aspects of the company processes.
Communicating with clients and attracting new projects to the company for execution and finalization.
Ensuring that every individual department is giving their best possible outputs, and recommending and devising any new policies that are
likely to prove beneficial to the goodwill of the company.
Conducting quarterly, semiannual and yearly general meetings for presenting the profits, gains and achievements of the company.
AL-MAHER GROUP constructions and trading) 
MOSUL, NINEVEH, IRAQ.
Projects Manager
 
Nov 2002
 
to 
Aug 2005
 
http://www.almaher-iraq.com.
Managing the tasks is performed to the fullest of the efficiency.
Planning out an organizational structure to bring out ease and flow in the tasks.
Suggesting new policies and modifications in order to reform the nature of work.
Developing good relations with my colleagues and motivate them to do well by appreciating their good performances.
Participating in meetings, discussions, projects site visits workshops and hearings.Preparing bids and proposals for the prospective clients to expand business operations.
Provide full information to the accounts departments and auditors and assist them in case of difficulty.
Determining the resources required for the purpose of production.
Preparing status reports and presenting them to the higher managing authorities for scrutinizing.
Delivering the performance with better success rates.
Keeping in touch with the clients who have assigned the project to my company and make them aware of the status of the work finished.
Leading my team and bring out the best in them.
Responsible for developing a good dialog and communication with the team member for the success of the project.
Estimating activities of project bids then perform the job perfectly depend on the bid and perfect specifications.
Establishing easy communication between the employees and the higher authority.
Solving problems for my team members.
Team building, which is defined by success.
Accomplishing project objectives and the outcome (success) of the projects.
Site Engineer
 
Jun 2000
 
to 
Oct 2002
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Studying each project at the onset and draft an outline of items that may need attention.
One of my first duties was studying the work plan submitted by the contactor and suggesting any modifications to the supervisor Engineer.
Supervising the works on site in accordance with the contract requirements and using the template and procedure established by
government.
Supervising the works in accordance with the drawings, technical specifications and bills of quantities.
Ensuring the correct implementation of the works according to technical specifications, to designs and quality of materials.
Preparing list of materials for which the procedures for acceptance will be done.
Preparing list of tests that may be required and following these tests to be carried out and approved.
Checking and testing of completed works before a contractor covers them.
Checking and ensuring that the site is arranged as per the site management plan and that all measures are taken for site safety and the safety
of the third parties in the vicinity of the site.
Ensuring that health and safety measures are adopted and followed to the full extent and prepare weekly report.
Suggesting and instructing additional safety measures if needed.
Studying and verifying quantities of works done and provide a report to contractor.
Providing an assessment of any variation to contractor for approval.
Assist in the preparation of provisional acceptance and snag list.
Maintain a filing system for all site memos and instructions, measured quantities of work and materials on site, reports and other documents
and correspondence pertaining to the construction activities.
Coordinating the site meetings with the Contractor.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Civil Engineering
 
6 1997
 
Mosul University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
Iraq
 
Civil Engineering Both degrees already equivalent to US degrees.
Master of Science
 
, 
Civil Engineering
 
11 1999
 
Mosul University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
Iraq
 
Civil Engineering
Languages
Bilingual: English/ Arabic.
Skills
Photoshop, advertising, Arabic, AutoCAD, business operations, com, clients, customer services, dialog, Engineer, English, Estimating, filing,
forecasting, government, gross-profit, http, instructing, international sales, Languages, Team building, Mac OS, Managing, marketing strategies,
marketing, materials, meetings, Microsoft Office, MS Outlook, Windows, works, Operating Systems, Organizing, organizational, PDF, plan
development, policies, presenting, presentations, processes, profit, progress, proposals, quality, safety, selling, sales, supervisor, Supervising,
workshops