DISABILITY ADVOCATE
Professional Summary
Dedicated Public Health Administrator, adept at public and community relations, staff development and project management. Seeking an
opportunity to merge managerial experience with the public health field, resulting in improved patient care and increased company rate of
investment return.
Education and Training
East Stroudsburg University
 
2016
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Public Health Health Services Administration Public Health, Health Studies department
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
Dean's List and Honor Roll Academic Achievement Award Beneficiary. Currently, 107 credits and needing 13
more GPA: 3.72
 
Public Health Health Services Administration Dean's List and Honor Roll Academic Achievement Award Beneficiary. Currently,
107 credits and needing 13 
more GPA: 3.72 Public Health, Health Studies department
Community College of Philadelphia
 
2015
 
Associate of Science
 
: 
Social/Behavioral Science Health Services
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA:
International Honor Society. Four term recipient of Dean's List, Academic 
Achievement Award and Honor Roll. Graduated with High Honors
GPA: 3.73
 
Social/Behavioral Science International Honor Society. Four term recipient of Dean's List, Academic 
Achievement Award and Honor
Roll. Graduated with High Honors GPA: 3.73 Health Services
Accomplishments
08/2006- Philadelphia and Surrounding Area 
Present) 
Representative of the Think First National Injury Prevention Program.
Featured on Community College of Philadelphia's 
T.V.
Program, "Tapestry of Life: Resilience and Health".
Participant of many Magee Rehab.
Hospital programs, including 
Spasticity Training for Health Professionals, Adam Taliaferro Benefit, Night of Champions, Wheel Chair
Sports advisor, 
Physical Therapist Doctorate Program, a Peer Group mediator and Jerry Segal Charity Classic contributor.
Walk it Out" 
national 24 hour step-a-thon to bring awareness to SCI.
Research subject at Restorative Therapies Inc.
for muscle atrophy 
reduction benefits.
Health Professional Peer Mentor at Thomas Jefferson University.
Partnered with Temple University's 
Center for Asian Health (CAH) on sodium reduction initiative.
Featured in Philly.com article on nutrition in health of those 
living with a disability.
Highlighted in Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Official Journal in an article 
titled "Cycling with Functional Electrical
Stimulation after Spinal Cord Injury: What's in it for Me?" 
Single father of 3 
current college students (one senior studying nutrition/chemistry,
one a junior Pharmacist, and a freshman pre-law student).
Participant and speaker addressing concerns of health and nutrition at Magee Rehab's Outpatient Program.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
September 2005
 
Disability Advocate
 
City
 
, 
State
Advises patients to community resources, make referrals and devises realistic treatment plans.
Interviews 
clients individually and with family to determine what services best address their needs.
Counsels and 
prepares residents in their transition back into the community.
Encourages members to continue attending 
group fitness classes.
Represents the company at industry meetings.
Advocates and recommends to patients, 
care-providers and relatives about communicative strategies and devices.
Cultivates positive relationships 
within the community through public relations campaigns.
Conducts Community Health Needs Assessment 
(CHNA).
Works with President and C.E.O offices as patient liaison and report concerns appropriately.
Maintains hierarchy structure, ensuring that communication is properly filtered.
Company Name
 
June 1986
 
to 
May 2004
 
Supervisor, Lead Trainer, Human Resources Rep and Shift Controller
 
City
 
, 
State
Coordinated department functions for staff of 200+ employees.
Maintained detailed administrative and 
procedural processes; improving accuracy and efficiency.
Facilitated meetings as liaison with other 
departments.
Updated employee accounts and information on a daily basis.
A key member of the global 
distribution operations team, which coordinated shipments globally.
Entered data into DIAS to load and 
manipulate data for production reports.
Served as mentor to junior team members.
Conducted qualitative and 
quantitative analysis of logistics operations using simulation models and other tools.
Manually created 
shipments, assigned carriers and dispatched shipments.
Communicated crises, delays or carrier schedule 
changes to internal and external customers.
Dispensed guidance, direction and authorization to carry out 
effective plans.
Ensured work was accomplished safely with established operating procedures and practices.
Skills
administrative, C, Community Health, clients, direction, logistics, meetings, mentor, Works, Needs Assessment, processes, public relations,quantitative analysis, simulation, treatment plans