CUSTOMER SERVICE REP
Career Focus
To find a long term career that is enjoyable and a great place to work. Being able to support a family is a big plus as well!
Core Qualifications
Operations management
Natural leader
Proficiency in management and 
Weapons training
aircraft safety
Proficient communicator
Quick learner
Motivated
Computer proficient
Background checks
Microsoft Office
Strong analytical skills
File/records maintenance
Excellent problem solving skills
Reports generation and analysis
Change management Financial records and processing
First Aid training (2014) Training and development
AED training (2014)
Superior customer serviceÂ 
Diagnosis and repair
Mathematical aptitude
Preventative maintenance
Employee relations specialist
Service solutions expert
Dedicated to process improvement
Conflict resolution proficiency
Devoted to data integrity
Negotiation competency
Troubleshooting skills
Telecommunications knowledge
Proficient in customer account software
Multi-channel contact center software
Customer Relationship Management software (CRM)
Adept in automated attendant systems
Education and Training
2014
 
Aviation Warfare Operator-A1 A School
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Select One, On The job training for Electronic Warfare Operator 8 moth
school dedicated to familiarize the student with the Boeing 737 platform. learned in-flight emergency procedures, crew resource management skills,
system operations, preformed basic aircraft maintenance. Acoustic/ Radar signal interpretation
High School Diploma
 
2012
 
Naval Aircrew Candidate School
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
4 week school to make sure we are qualified to fly. Aviation
Physiology, Combat First aid, Aviation mis-hap survival skills, familiarization with all aircrew fixed and rotary wing aircraft, crew resource
management skills
Moon Valley High School
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Accomplishments
Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. 
Maintained 100% accountability of a large aircraft equipment and tools worth over $1million
on a daily basis. 
Promoted twice at Discount Tire in less then a year. Highest scoring student in the training program at Progessive Leasing. I hold
the best QA grades out of all in my hire group.Â 
Work Experience
Customer Service Rep
 
Jul 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals. 
Made reasonable
procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests. 
Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer
inquiries. 
Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes. 
Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and
accurate fashion. 
Maintained up-to-date records at all times. 
Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear
communication. 
Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction. 
Built customer
loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues. 
Formulated and enforced Service Center policies, procedures and
quality assurance measures. 
Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow.
Aprentice Tech
 
Jun 2014
 
to 
May 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Followed checklists to verify that all important parts were examined. 
Examined vehicles to determine the extent of
damage or malfunctions. 
Communicated with customers regarding vehicle issues and potential repairs. 
Operated pneumatic tools and air
compressors. 
Removed and replaced tires, Wheels and Lugs.
 Contributed to repeat and referral business by using strong customer service and
problem solving skills. 
Organized work records and filed reports. 
Ordered accurate amounts of parts and supplies to maintain necessary inventory.
Guided mechanics with decisions concerning repair and replacement of parts.
Aviation Warfare Operator Electronic Operator
 
Jun 2012
 
to 
Jun 2014
 
Company Name
Coordinated all department functions for team of 250 employees.
Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.
Coordinated with airport vendors regarding fueling and catering logistics.
Operated full cabin management systems, including the APY-10 Radar, ELetronic Support Measure, Radios, Integrated Friend or Foe
Interrogator.
Enforced safety and security measures and protected sensitive zones by any mean necessary.
Updated the flight crew and briefed fellow staff on changes in preflight briefs.Successfully completed Crew Resource Management develop
professional skills.
Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.
Prepared equipment for all operations.Verified that all required information was readily available and displayed correctly.Tacked
maintenance actions and completed records.Troubleshot manufacturing and inspection test equipment on electronic parts of aircraft.Quickly replaced faulty parts and unit wiring and retested systems.
Coordinated port visits and fleet operations domestically and abroad.
Defused hostile situations with superior negotiation techniques.
Logged and filed classified documents.
Determined elevation and grid azimuths with maps and map overlays.
Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.
Prepared operation plans and orders to support security of resources and installations.
Maintained complete accountability during redeployment of all sensitive items and communication equipment.
Completed multiple fire prevention safety training.
Directed supporting fire to suppress enemy fire and allow troops to maneuver the area.
Coordinated operations with armor, artillery and air support units.
Skills
analytical skills, Basic, Change management, CHI, Financial, First Aid, inspection, interpretation, logistics, MA, management skills, Microsoft
Office, Radar, Weapons, Natural, negotiation, communicator, Operations management, Physiology, problem solving skills, Quick learner, safety,
test equipment, wiring
Cash handling 
Able to lift 50-100 pounds 
Careful and active listener 
Strong public speaker