ASSISTANT MANAGER - HR
www.linkedin.com/in/sumankumari725b9236
Professional Summary
Looking for a challenging position, which utilizes my skills, hard work and provides opportunities to learn and contribute to the organization. I want
to see myself as an active contributor to a team of ambitious people and thereby enhance my knowledge and personality. Human Resource
Professional with over 4 years of rich experience in Recruitment, Organization Developement, Time Management, Training & Development,
Performance Management, Employee Engagement, TPM & Audit. Worked as an Assistant Manager- HR (Generalist Profile) with VARROC
POLYMERS PVT. LTD at its manufacturing unit and assisted HRM & SAP at the unit. Possess strong communication, interpersonal, problem
solving skills and analytical skills. Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts
quickly and utilise the same in a productive manner. Fast Learner (demonstrated ability to learn and master new skills/tools, even in strictly harsh
deadline) Mentor and groom resources.
Skills
SAP R/3 4.7, MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Internet Applications). *Have good understanding of SQL, HTML, CSS and
JavaScript. *Operating Systems: Windows 95/98/2000/XP *Functional Knowledge: Recruitment, Organization Management, Time
Management, Payroll, Benefits, Personal Administration, Training and Development, ESS, Performance Appraisal.
Work History
Assistant Manager - HR
 
, 
09/2012
 
to 
08/2013
 
Company Name
 
Generalist profile - Recruitment, Training & Development, Performance Appraisal, Employee Engagement, Audit, SAP-HR PA -Personnel
Administration Defined the Enterprise Structure, Personnel Structure and Pay Scale Structure for the enterprise and linked the Pay Scale
and Enterprise Structures.
Configured user parameters and the number range intervals for personnel numbers.
Configured personal data.
Customized the basic settings for Personnel Administration.
Customized personnel actions and the reason for change in personnel action Configured Personnel Area Groupings and Employee
Groupings.
Assigned Personnel Area to Company Code.
Performed various personnel actions, specifically, hiring employees, performing organizational reassignment, change in pay, termination.
PA30, PA40, PA10, PA20 Recruitment & Selection Involved in the full life cycle of the Recruitment Process.
Induction of New joiners.
Preparation of Job Description and Roles & Responsibilities of department.
Training & Development Responsible for Establishment, Implementation & Maintaining effective Training & Development system in the
organization.
Deployment of Competency Model (Competency Mapping /Skill Mapping).
Training Need Identification of employees through PMS & IDP and Workmen through Skill Matrix.
Preparation & circulation of Annual as well as Monthly Training Calendar as per QMS (ISO/TS 16949:2009 & OHSAS).
Designing & developing Training procedures, Modules, Training syllabus & activities in consonance with training requirement with faculties.
Organizing internal & external training programs, OBT's, Events & Workshop.
Creating Pre & Post-Training Assessment Tools (Evaluation/Effectiveness) - Written Test & Feedback Form to gauge the present skill &
gap.
Preparation of training budget with cost reduction initiatives.
Employee Engagement Build connect with employees and their families as per part of engagement initiative by conducting welfare and sports
events, new initiatives, medical support and benefits.
Cascaded business plan and goal at unit level through formal and informal communication set up.
Organized various activities like Get-together, Birthday, Painting competition, Safety day celeb, Kaizen competition, sports activity, Auto
related games etc.
Performance Management Co-ordination with Functional Heads in setting up of KRA's of employees.
Timely distribution of Performance Appraisal Form to all the departments.
Involved in Mid - review and yearly appraisal and delivery of appraisal/promotion letters on time.
Also used to take care of performance review of trainees and probationers.
Statutory Compliance & Grievance Handling Involved in Provident Fund, Gratuity, Labour Welfare Fund, Factory License renewal,
Contract Labour Management, Labour welfare, Standing Order & resolving IR issues in the plant.
TPM Was appointed as TPM ET-Pillar Head in the plant and was responsible for Education & Training of staff and workers as per the
TPM method.
Audit Responsible for facing various Customers audits (like M&M, GM, Bajaj, VW etc.), ISO/TS 16949:2009, EMS-OHSAS & TPM
Audit.
Administration Management Monitoring of Canteen, Housekeeping, Security, Vehicle management, Stationery & Guest Management.
HR Initiatives Started various HR activities at the plant level like Suggestion scheme, Coffee with HR, Connect to Home, Skip level meeting,
Knowledge Sharing, Birthday Celebration, Appreciation of employees, Established cafeteria and Library.
Assistant Manager - HR
 
, 
07/2010
 
to 
07/2011
 Company Name
 
To maintain HR database.
To generate various HR reports required by the management.
To maintain organizational structures, create positions and jobs in SAP To provide support in the HR administration of pay and bonus
review, providing reports and stats to senior managers and supporting HRBPs in the collation of work.
To maintain attendance and leave of employees in SAP.
Involved in the full life cycle of the Recruitment Process and On boarding.
Preparing & updating Organizational chart & making head count as well as requirement report (HR MIS).
Preparation of Job Description and Roles & Responsibilities of department.
Responsible for Establishment, Implementation & Maintaining effective Training & Development system in the organization.
Started various HR activities at the plant level like Suggestion scheme, Coffee with HR, Connect to Home, Skip level meeting, Knowledge
Sharing, Birthday Celebration, Appreciation of employees, Established cafeteria and Library.
Timely distribution of Performance Appraisal Form to all the departments.
Involved in Mid - review and yearly appraisal and delivery of appraisal/promotion letters on time.
Assistant Manager - HR
 
, 
05/2008
 
to 
05/2010
 
Company Name
 
Overlooking the recruitment process for providing best fit to the client as per their requirement.
Understanding the requirement of the position in terms of competencies, experience etc.
Sourcing suitable profiles from various sources as per requirement.
Interviewing potential candidates to do an interest check for the requirement and judge their suitability.
Coordinating with client to confirm profile suitability and scheduling interviews till final selection.
Keeping a record of operations and deal with various recruitment enquires.
Keeping excellent relationships with clients whilst helping them find the best employees for their business.
Education
Bachelor of Education (B.Ed)
 
: 
Education
 
, 
2014-2015
 
Magadh University
 
- 
City
 
MBA
 
: 
Human Resource
 
, 
2006-2008
 
Xavier Institute of Social Service
 
- 
City
 
Human Resource
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc)
 
: 
Biotechnology
 
, 
2002-2005
 
Ranchi University
 
- 
City
 
Skills
basic, Benefits, budget, business plan, cost reduction, CSS, client, clients, database, delivery, Designing, full life cycle, Functional, hiring, HTML,
HR, Internet Applications, ISO, JavaScript, letters, Excel, MS Office, Outlook, Power Point, 2000, Windows 95, 98, Word, ESS, MIS,
Enterprise, Operating Systems, Organizing, Organizational, Painting, Payroll, Performance Appraisal, Performance Management, Personnel,
promotion, Recruitment, requirement, Safety, SAP, SAP R/3 4.7, SAP-HR, scheduling, scheme, SQL, Time Management, training programs,
Written