OPERATIONS MANAGER
Executive Summary
A highly accomplished, versatile and respected professional with over 12 years in Terminal Operations at the Port of Los Angeles. Terminal
Operations is a time sensitive, high pressure, and diverse environment which you collaboratively work with customers, the union work force, and
internal management along with federal, state and local agencies to navigate a myriad of contract rules, regulations, lease agreements 
and 
laws. 
As
an Operations Manager, I have advanced knowledge in working with all facets of terminal operations; Customer Service, Rail, Vessel, Terminal
planning and yard functions. Initiated cost reductions, stream-lined dock work functions and similar to an industrial designer reconfigured and
maximized the use of terminal space to accommodate the growth in volume. Consistently achieves outstanding results in complex situations while
building and maintaining strong, loyal relations with clients, colleagues and staff. 
Being a leader in this environment challenges you to think beyond
the simple choice and reach for the impossible answers while maintaining the integrity of all the moving parts.
Core Qualifications
Extensive knowledge of all operating aspects of Vessel, Rails, Yard and Terminal
Operations.
Dynamic Leadership-Team Building 
and Staff Training
Strategic planning
Cross Departmental Communications
Service Quality Improvement
Customers Relations
Budgeting Analysis, Forecasting and Cost
Reductions
Productivity Reporting
Contract Compliance
Professional Experience
Operations Manager
 
01/2002
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed Yard and Terminal Operations Center
SuperIndendent of RailRoad Department, Vessel Operations and Customer Service
Solicited operational feedback from Union and implemented those recommendations, improved by 23%
Improvements in productivity thus reduced operating budget from $52M to $48M a year
U.S. Customs and Coast Guard grade of 100% for scanning and inspection of cargo within 24 hrs of discharge
Reduction in turn-times averages (industry metric measuring efficiency) from 30.15 minutes to 28.33 minutes
Vessel Operations: Managed 6 to 10 union bosses and indirectly 70 clerks and longshoremen.
Redesigned traffic patterns to improve safety and cargo movement
Cross-trained staff on operational goals, payroll accuracy, policies and inter-departmental communication
Creates a supportive team environment where all ideas valued
Management Assistant
 
01/2000
 
to 
01/2002
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Fleet Service Clerk
 
01/1998
 
to 
01/2002
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Personal Fitness trainer
 
01/1997
 
to 
01/2002
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for developing detailed exercise, dieting and nutritional plans to help clients reach their fitness goals.
My goals were to develop and maintain my client list to interact with new and existing members to encourage and engage them to develop
my business.
Education
M.B.A
 
: 
Alternative Dispute
 
1 2008
 
Pepperdine University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Alternative Dispute The emphasis of my MBA is in alternative dispute
resolution which focuses on leadership, business negotiations (collective bargaining, arbitration and mediation) and conflict resolution.
B.A
 
: 
Business Administration
 
1 1999
 
Whittier College
 
City
 
, 
State
Business Administration
Peter D. Veazey
Accomplishments
Hazardous Materials Training Awareness Weber Readiness, 2050 John S.
Gibson San Pedro, CA, 2013 to 2016.
The course discusses awareness to Hazardous Chemicals and when combined or in close proximity can create deadly results.
Driving Change, DDI, Ports America So Cal regional Office, 2013.
This course helps leaders implement change in the workplace so they can avoid the problems that plague 70% of failed change initiatives.
Driving Change provides the skills and resources leaders need to accelerate the process of implementing change with their team members
and to create an agile work environment where people are more open to change.
Leaders learn how to use three Change Accelerators to turn resistance into commitment and inspire team members to take ownership of
change.
Conflict Resolution, The Works Consulting, Ports America So Cal Regional Office, 2013.
Communication Dynamics 
Emotional Intelligence, Houston Partners International, Ports America So Cal Regional Office, 2012
Communication for Leadership Success, DDI, Ports America So Cal Regional Office, 2013.
This course introduces leaders to the essential interaction skills that are critical to leadership success.
These Interaction Essentials are the core behaviors that leaders need to be effective in the many situations they handle on a daily basis, such
as coaching, delegating, and driving change.Leaders learn how to meet the personal and practical needs of their team members and how to communicate to spark action in others to
achieve business results.
The goal is that leaders learn how to provide positive feedback that recognizes and motivates individuals and teams as well as
developmental feedback that helps others get back on track.
Performance Management, The Works Consulting, Ports America So Cal Regional Office, 2011 
Reasonable Suspicion Training, Prince
Consulting, Doubletree Hotel, San Pedro CA, 2009.
Provides awareness to the physical effects of drugs and alcohol and how to witness the symptoms.
Helps front line managers to reasonably suspect an employee of being under the influence.
Volunteer Orange County Makos, Defensive Coordinator, Fullerton, CA The opportunity to coach opened up my eyes to the benefits of
encouragement and leading thru adversity.
The team was wrought with internal struggles because of the lack of trust in team ownership.
As the Defensive Coordinator, I was challenged to convince the defensive players to trust the work ethic of the offensive players and to
verbally encourage their play.
In 2001, we had a head coach and ownership change and with 95% of the previous team returning, we reshaped expectations and built
confidence thru competition.
We finished the year as CFL Champions.
AYSO, Coach, Long Beach, CA Coaching young children has helped me to simplify instructions, gauge motivation in each child and tailor
my approach to build their confidence.
These key points, I learned coaching young and older athletes crosses over to employees.
People need consistent and helpful direction to improve their performance and ability to hone their craft.
Athletes and employees look to their coach or boss for leadership and motivation to help them reach their full potential.
Skills
arbitration, automation, budgeting, budget, concise, conflict resolution, client, clients, Customer Service, delivery, forecasting, government,
leadership, MBA, mediation, negotiations, payroll, pick, policies, reporting, safety, scanning, staffing, strategic planning