HIRING MANAGER/RECRUITING MANAGER
Summary
Self-motivated Human Resources Professional with 9+ years Healthcare and Social Services Recruitment, Management Business Development,
Marketing and Staffing experience. Expertise in locating highly qualified candidates for a comprehensive variety of clinical and non-clinical
positions. Exceptional interpersonal skills with a focus on team synergies and a drive to achieve organizational goals.
Skills
Microsoft office (10+ years), Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, Recruiting, Staffing, Business Development, Training and Development
(10+ years) 
GROUPS Society for Human Resource Management January 2015 to Present
Languages
Fluent in English, Russian, RomanianÂ 
Experience
Hiring Manager/Recruiting Manager
 
03/2017
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed and lead a team of professional recruiters through coaching and training.
Developed and execute recruiting plans and recruiting outreach programs Partnered with Hiring Managers, and Director of HR to determine
hiring needs and strategies.
Coached hiring managers on recruiting process and procedures.
Conducted full life-cycle recruiting to support different departments within the organization.
Developed inclusive recruiting and sourcing strategies to identify and attract top talent.
Managed interview activity at all phases of the recruiting process.
Ensured consistent communication regarding candidate search and status to all parties through all phases of recruiting process.
Directed offer process, including reference checks, salary recommendations, offer letter generations and offer responses.
Ensured all jobs are posted and maintained in accordance with company policy Managed internal and external job board functionality and
works with vendors to troubleshoot issues.
Managed vendor relationships and oversees annual contract renewals and budget.
Managed team recruiting metrics and oversees distribution of weekly requisition reports to management.
Worked closely with Communications to develop recruiting materials and brochures.
Conducted regular follow with hiring managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans and implementations.
Developed and implements social media recruiting strategies.
Oversaw company hiring events and initiatives.
Recruiting Manager
 
11/2015
 
to 
02/2017
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed a team of recruiters and report on recruiting performance Advise Hiring Managers on interviewing techniques Research and
choose different healthcare job advertising options Identify and acquire top talent for: different clinical and none clinical positions.
Determine appropriate salary for new hires, promotions and transfers.
Educated clients regarding latest Labor Market trends, wages, benefits and realistic expectations and trends in today's job market.
Develop, implement, and monitor training programs for new hires.
Conduct orientations with new hires and performance evaluation performance.
Partner with hiring managers, and directors to identify trends in recruitment and retention in order to predict future needs.
Provide professional coaching to employees seeking career advancement or a career change.
Complete workforce planning, established pipelines using passive candidate sourcing, consistently.
develops New Business and grow existing with accounts for the agency with different hospitals, nursing homes and New York state
facilities.
Proven track record of sourcing, screening, short listing, interviewing, salary negotiation and hiring of Healthcare and nursing professionals
for various local and travel nursing positions; In charge of managing multiple accounts affiliated with hospitals, ambulatory care centers, state
facilities and.
government agencies nationwide.
Senior Healthcare Recruiter
 
06/2014
 
to 
09/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Work collaboratively with Program Managers, Directors Sales Personnel, Clients and Candidates in managing requisitions and matching the
right candidates to positions.
Training and Development 
Recruit both clinical and non-clinical positions such as: hospital nurses, school nurse, Case Workers.,.
Social Workers, PA's, Pharmacists, Respiratory Therapists Administrative Assistants, Physical Therapist and Occupational Therapist, PTA,
OTA, Speech Therapists and Case Managers.
Full Cycle Recruiting and On-Boarding to include, Identifying, screening, interviewing, and presenting to both contract and permanent
positions.
Responsible for hiring and firing of contract worker; posting new positions using various tools such as CareerBuilder, Linked In, internal
postings, etc.
On boarding responsibilities include I-9 documents, Tax Forms, Reference Checks, as well as Education Verification, Pre-employment
Physical and Drug Toxicology Interface with both clients and candidates on a daily basis Utilize Applicant Tracking System (Job diva), to
upload new requisitions and log.
candidates information.
Use other external databases depending on each clients need.Human Resource Specialist-temp
 
11/2013
 
to 
07/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for assisting HR with internal compliance on all teachers, therapists and social workers, ensuring that all appropriate billing and
session/progress notes and documents were received and submitted within deadlines, processing referrals from various sources, and placing
appropriate.
therapists, evaluators and/or counselors per scheduling requirements and timeframes.
Maintained therapist schedules for utilization when scheduling caseload for CPSE and CSE-related services.
Coordinated with District Administrators, clients and parents on any potential issue associated with provided services.
Managed all documentation and collaborated with the Program Director and team members to achieve solutions.
Maintained therapist and teacher forms, certification, clearance, letter of reference, etc.
Interviewed, screened and placed, nurses, Social Workers, Special Education teachers, Occupational, Speech and Physical Therapists in
different facilities.
Communicated with clients and managed all of the rehab and nursing home accounts.
Human Resource Specialist
 
04/2010
 
to 
07/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided resource management and recruitment to fill therapy job openings, including candidate sourcing, screening, interviewing and
checking.
Sourced and identified therapists and teachers through a high volume outbound calls and meetings.
Utilized resources to attract qualified professionals and process application.
Managed intern program by conducting orientations, scheduling rotations and assignments, monitoring intern job contributions, coaching new
teachers, and advising managers on training and coaching.
Developed strong rapport with high-level and entry level candidates, ensured compliance of new hires was current.
Program Coordinator
 
03/2007
 
to 
02/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Oversaw all aspects of staff performance, conducted performance evaluation, enforced progressive discipline and mediated staff disputes
and grievance procedures in accordance with state and federal laws.
Performed on-call responsibilities to cover scheduling adjustments.
Maintained and updated associate health records for all associates and contact list for all personnel.
Administered training and managed relationship with providers and other clinicians.
Staffed services as planned by the city facilitated staff schedule and performed internal audit of cases and services.
Sourced and recruited therapists, and provided candidate sourcing, screening, interviewing and reference checking.
Ensured all providers complied with the Early Intervention rules and regulations.
Education and Training
Bachelor's
 
: 
Communications
 
2009
 
LONG ISLAND UNIVERSITY
 
Communications
MBA
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Long Island University-virtual
 
HR and Healthcare Management Concentration
United States 
online Healthcare Compliance Certificate-Quinnipiac School of Business-online
Skills
Recruiting
Talent Management
Account Management
Business Development and Sales
ATS experience with various programs
Activities and Honors
Society for Human ResourcesÂ 
Additional Information
Â Authorized to work in the US for any employer.