EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Professional Experience
Executive Director
 
January 2009
 
to 
Current
Media Enterprise Alliance.
Head-Royce School Instructor
 
January 1974
 
to 
January 2010
 
Company Name
Chairman
 
January 2005
 
to 
January 2010
Fine Arts Dept.
Head-Royce School (11 members in Visual, Music, Drama and Dance).
Director Summer
 
January 2003
 
to 
January 2009
 
Company Name
a partnership between HRS and the Oakland Unified School District).
The program targets disadvantaged middle school students who have been identified by their teachers and principals as bright and
motivated.
They are given.
academic, arts, and technology training on a full scholarship basis during a six-week summer session.
They are mentored monthly over the course of the year.
Education
B.A
 
: 
Communications and Public Policy
 
, 
1969
 
University of California Berkeley
 
Communications and Public Policy
B.F.A
 
: 
1970
 
University of California Berkeley-Fine Arts
M.F.A
 
: 
1972
 
San Francisco Art Institute
UC Berkeley-Secondary Teaching Credential program
 
: 
1973
Interests
2006-2008: EOBA/Smart Moves (a community center in the Sobrante district of East Oakland that provides tutoring, mentoring, and non-
violence training to approximately 50 children on a daily basis) Project coordinator for 2006-2008 renovation project. Coordinated project with
East Bay Community Fund, Rebuilding Together Oakland, Temple Sinai, Pulte 
Construction, and Head-Royce School 2005-2007: Destiny Arts
(An arts based organization the uses dance and martial arts in 
violence prevention training) Supervised production of promotional video, fund
raising, worked with Destiny 
faculty as part of the Head-Royce Art and Technology Institute Summer: 2005-2007) 2005-2007: Malawi Youth
Project (Implements projects 
in Malawi, Africa) Involved in fundraising and installation of water and electrical systems at the Amai A Chifundo
Orphanage in Blantyre, Malawi. 
Also provided funds 
and equipment for youth soccer organizations nationally in Malawi. 1990- present:
Rebuilding Together Oakland (Formerly Christmas in April) 
(Rehabilitates homes of low income elderly and disabled citizens in Oakland, as well
as rehabilitation projects with schools and community centers) 
*House captain, volunteer coordinator, project organizer, fundraiser
Conference/Panel Facilitator: 2005: Arts Equity-East Bay Youth Access to the Arts: Groups represented: Destiny Arts, East Bay Asian Youth
Center-Streetside 
Productions, YouthSounds/Bay Area Video Coalition, the Oakland Museum, 
Oakland Fund for the Arts (Organized panel of
East Bay Arts organizations to 
talk about youth access in the arts) Pro-Bono Films: Video productions working with high school students for
community non-profits. The films are used as an informational tool, and a marketing/funding aid. Non-Profit organizations/Video Productions:
2007-08 The East Oakland Boxing Association/Smart Moves (a community center in 
the Sobrante district of East Oakland that provides tutoring,
mentoring, and non- violence training to approximately 50 children on a daily basis, Oakland, Ca.) 2006: The George Mark Center (treats
terminally ill children, San Leandro, Ca.) 2005: Destiny Arts (An arts based organization that uses dance and martial arts in 
violence prevention
training, Oakland, Ca.) 2004: The East Bay College Fund (provides college scholarships for disadvantaged 
youth in the East Bay, Oakland, Ca
2003: The International Rescue Committee 
(Helps refugees settle in the United States) Oakland-San Francisco, Ca. 2002: Oasis: (Hepatitis-C
Clinic, 
Oakland, Ca.) Awards: 2006-2008 
Finnie Fellowship: Three year study/travel fellowship from the Head-Royce school 
to study and
implement arts curriculum reflecting non-western cultures. 2005 Fellowship from the Fund for Teachers: Study of the art and culture of the
Aboriginal People of Australia, and the Maori People of New Zealand 1995 
Cyberart: The Merging of Art and Technology, Arts Education
Fellowship, The Council for Basic Education, The National Endowment 
for the Arts, and the Getty Center for Art Education (Implementation of
computer technology into an arts curriculum.)
Additional Information
Volunteer Work: Community Organizations: 2006-2008: EOBA/Smart Moves (a community center in the Sobrante district of East Oakland
that provides tutoring, mentoring, and non- violence training to approximately 50 children on a daily basis) Project coordinator for 2006-
2008 renovation project. Coordinated project with 
East Bay Community Fund, Rebuilding Together Oakland, Temple Sinai, Pulte
Construction, and Head-Royce School 2005-2007: Destiny Arts (An arts based organization the uses dance and martial arts in 
violence
prevention training) Supervised production of promotional video, fund raising, worked with Destiny 
faculty as part of the Head-Royce Art
and Technology Institute Summer: 2005-2007) 2005-2007: Malawi Youth Project (Implements projects 
in Malawi, Africa) Involved in
fundraising and installation of water and electrical systems at the Amai A Chifundo Orphanage in Blantyre, Malawi. 
Also provided funds 
and
equipment for youth soccer organizations nationally in Malawi. 1990- present: Rebuilding Together Oakland (Formerly Christmas in April)
(Rehabilitates homes of low income elderly and disabled citizens in Oakland, as well as rehabilitation projects with schools and community
centers) 
*House captain, volunteer coordinator, project organizer, fundraiser Conference/Panel Facilitator: 2005: Arts Equity-East BayYouth Access to the Arts: Groups represented: Destiny Arts, East Bay Asian Youth Center-Streetside 
Productions, YouthSounds/Bay
Area Video Coalition, the Oakland Museum, 
Oakland Fund for the Arts (Organized panel of East Bay Arts organizations to 
talk about
youth access in the arts) Pro-Bono Films: Video productions working with high school students for community non-profits. The films are
used as an informational tool, and a marketing/funding aid. Non-Profit organizations/Video Productions: 2007-08 The East Oakland Boxing
Association/Smart Moves (a community center in 
the Sobrante district of East Oakland that provides tutoring, mentoring, and non- violence
training to approximately 50 children on a daily basis, Oakland, Ca.) 2006: The George Mark Center (treats terminally ill children, San
Leandro, Ca.) 2005: Destiny Arts (An arts based organization that uses dance and martial arts in 
violence prevention training, Oakland,
Ca.) 2004: The East Bay College Fund (provides college scholarships for disadvantaged 
youth in the East Bay, Oakland, Ca 2003: The
International Rescue Committee 
(Helps refugees settle in the United States) Oakland-San Francisco, Ca. 2002: Oasis: (Hepatitis-C Clinic,
Oakland, Ca.) Awards: 2006-2008 
Finnie Fellowship: Three year study/travel fellowship from the Head-Royce school 
to study and
implement arts curriculum reflecting non-western cultures. 2005 Fellowship from the Fund for Teachers: Study of the art and culture of the
Aboriginal People of Australia, and the Maori People of New Zealand 1995 
Cyberart: The Merging of Art and Technology, Arts Education
Fellowship, The Council for Basic Education, The National Endowment 
for the Arts, and the Getty Center for Art Education
(Implementation of computer technology into an arts curriculum.)
Skills
academic, Arts, Enterprise, Teaching