PACKAGING BUYER/RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT LEAD
Summary
Seeking a full time position in Operations, Purchasing, Inventory 
Control, Logistics, and/or Inside Sales Management.
Highlights
Operations Training and Development 
Management/Problem Solving 
Customer Service/Team Building 
Human Resources/Eduphoria Supply
Chain/Procurement/Planning 
Distribution/Logistics/Shipping 
Purchasing/SAP/Rigid Packaging 
Inventory Control/Warehouse 
Research and
Development/Marketing 
Ceridian/iEmployee/Paychex 
Deja/FacetWin 
AP/AR
Experience
01/2013
 
to 
Current
Packaging Buyer/Research and Development Lead
 
Company Name
Maintains all purchase orders and vendor acknowledgements.
Updates vendor weekly Open Order Reports with accurate ETA's in SAP.
Requests component skus with _ItemSetUpGroup in Procurement Dept.
Updates PIR and source list information (costs, lead times, specifications, MOQs, etc.) per supplier and maintaining Master Vendor
Agreements and Insurance.
Updates back order reports for upper management to review weekly.
Preserves all new and existing artwork for compliance purposes.
Runs the ZBAR Report weekly and following up with the suppliers with regard to demand and production planning changes.
Schedules all outbound and inbound shipments with suppliers.
Assists with truck requests information/notes in SAP for each shipment.
Mails and tracks packages/shipments sent out to vendors for working projects.
Packaging Lead on Research and Development Team for all new projects and licensing agreements with potential and existing clients.
Assists in following up and resolving all AR/AP issues with Accounting Dept.
Sustains and follows through with all packaging and ISO standards with Compliance.
Upholds an intricate position and consultants with FSI during the acquisition of Farouk Wings Plastics (bottle manufacturer) and
corresponds accordingly in the integration process.
Consultants in packaging projects and R&D inquiries with FSI's "Sister Companies" (Beauty Elite Group, and Blow Pro).
Attends trade show opportunities in effort to build knowledge and upcoming trends and new technologies in packaging development.
Meets with all current and potential suppliers for business development.
Works closely with Marketing and FSI CEO on all wet line development and timelines.
Liaison and/or Consultant between Marketing, Customer Service, QA, Purchasing, Production, Compliance, Maintenance, Lab, etc.
in effort to make sure all necessary precautions and steps are taken prior to starting any new projects with "special" packaging needs.
Writes and develops new procedural protocols and SOP's within the company in effort to streamline processes that "have always been" but
need to change in order to have smooth transitions and cohesiveness when something new is introduced with the company.
Assists in planning, timeline development, and launch of new products.
Assist in writing marketing and product development plans.
01/2009
 
to 
01/2013
English Language Arts Teacher
 
Company Name
Initiated, facilitated, and moderated classroom discussions.
Evaluated and graded students' class work, assignments, and papers.
Prepared course materials such as syllabi, homework assignments, and handouts.
Maintained student attendance records, grades, and other required records.
Planned, evaluated, and revised curricula, and methods of instruction.
Compiled, administered, and graded examinations.
Maintained a regularly scheduled conference period in order to assist students/parents.
Kept abreast of developments in their field by reading current literature, talking with colleagues, and participating in professional
conferences.
Selected and obtained materials and supplies such as textbooks.
Collaborated with colleagues to address teaching and research issues.
Served on academic or administrative committees that dealt with institutional policies, departmental matters, and academic issues.
Participated in campus and community events.
Acted as the Adviser to multiple student organizations.(ie: NJHS).
01/2002
 
to 
01/2009
Operations/Purchasing Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised daily activities relating to operations, receiving, handling and distribution of rigid packaging.
Facilitated weekly managers meetings between sales, operations & warehouse teams.
Monitored daily and monthly reports of sales, forecasting, and expenses in order to meet annual budgets and goals.
Delegated and implements changes for all departments.
Assessed all employee time off requests and staffing needs.
Administered training and development for all new employees.
Conducted annual employee reviews and pay recommendations.Handled the purchasing and inventory control of a multi-million dollar warehouse.
Conducted and directed annual physical inventory.
Managed the top 3 three branch accounts for the purposes of maintaining system processes, mentoring and training.
AP/AP knowledge-handled customer payables/receivables.
Implemented all new procedures and training provided on a branch level.
Assisted Upper Management in setting and creating objectives in order to meet annual budgets and forecasting for the Houston branch.
Sr. Account Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Directly responsible for managing multiple core accounts for the purpose of providing excellent customer service.
Entered all sales and purchase orders with accuracy according to customer specifications.
Executed PO follow-up on a daily basis to insure all shipments were indeed on time and within conformance of customer/vendor
expectations Worked directly and developed valuable relationships with vendors/suppliers and logistic companies.
Processed invoicing on a daily basis and provided all supported documentation in order to improve branch DSO (ie: BOL's, POD's and
memos.) Implemented annual price increases to meet budgets and margins.
Professional Accomplishments Sheldon ISD- Teacher of the Year 2013-Michael R.
Null Middle School TricorBraun-Nominated for Customer Service Satisfaction Award 4 years in a row.
TricorBraun-Promoted to Houston Branch Operations Manager within first 3 years of employment.
TricorBraun-Houston branch grew 60% in gross profit and personally nominated for Branch Quality Award in the first year of managing
branch.
TricorBraun-Recognized in the industry as a top performer and leader.
Education
2002
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
English/Sociology
 
Sam Houston State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
English/Sociology
Texas Teacher Certification 
2009-2013 (4-8 English, EC-6 Generalist, K-12 ESL)
Additional Information
Additional Work History and References available upon request
Skills
academic, Accounting, AP/AR, administrative, streamline, AP, AR, budgets, business development, Ceridian, conferences, Consultant, clients,
excellent customer service, Customer Service, documentation, English, forecasting, gross profit, Human Resources, instruction, Insurance, ie,
inventory, Inventory Control, invoicing, ISO, Team Building, Logistics, notes, managing, Marketing, materials, meetings, mentoring, Works,
Packaging, payables, policies, Problem Solving, processes, Procurement, marketing and product, protocols, Purchasing, Quality, QA, reading,
receiving, Research, sales, SAP, Shipping, SOP, staffing, Supply Chain, Teacher, teaching