HR MANAGER
Executive Profile
Accomplished HR Professional experienced in strategic planning, organizational development and management of Human Resources business
operations. A savvy team leader skilled in attracting the most qualified talent. Pivotal contributor to senior operating and leadership executives,
providing HR leadership to multiple sites from due diligence to conversation. Innovative problem solver, strategic decision maker, and strong
communicator. Benefits Acquisition Retention Recruitment Compensation Labor Relations Benefits Acquisition Retention Recruitment
Compensation Labor Relations
Skill Highlights
TONYA BELL, PHR HUMAN RESOURCES PROFESSIONAL
Organizational Development * Strategic Planning * Talent Management______________________
Change Management
Employee Relations (ER)
Training & Development
Performance Management
HR Information Systems (HRIS)
Organization Development (OD)
Change Management
Employee Relations (ER)
Training & Development
Performance Management
HR Information Systems (HRIS)
Organization Development (OD)
MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access and Publisher, Adobe Illustrator, SAP, Oracle, Ceridian and KRONOS
Professional Experience
03/2013
 
to 
Current
HR Manager
 
Company Name
The world's largest airline operating nine domestic hubs across the U.S.
with its largest hub being DFW airport located in Dallas, TX where 877 flights depart daily throughout North America, the Caribbean,
Europe and Asia.
Managed all aspects of Human Resources and Employee Relations for Customer Ops at DCA and LGA for US Airways.
Partnered with legal to create and manage the new ADA and Religious accommodation training and process under the new American
Airlines.
Aligned with Line Maintenance administration to reduce the number of outstanding ADA cases from 25 to zero in three months.
HR Business Partner Manager supporting Base and Line Maintenance for the Northeast and Southeast regions.
Provide ongoing training around harassment and discrimination at AFW/Taesl which has resulted in a 50% decrease in
complaints/investigations.
Investigate and draft responses for external complaints to represent and defend the company's interest and position.
06/2005
 
to 
10/2012
Human Resources Consultant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
The world's leading global foodservice retailer offering a number of fast food meals and products with more than 33,500 locations in 119
countries.
Consulted, coached and established strategic relationships with key operations staff and leadership in order to impact and influence
decision-making.
Managed and executed the annual performance review and talent management cycle with staff and restaurant managers for 100 restaurants.
Managed the compliance of company policies and initiatives as well as changes around state and federal employment laws.
Conceived, developed, and introduced a hiring process that became the platform for McDonald's "Wow" Crew Orientation.
Facilitated and supported the succession planning process for assigned markets, with a focus on achieving diversity and creating
developmental plans for high performing, high potential staff resulting in 21 staff promotions in three years.
Partnered with operations to design and develop a training system to increase employee awareness resulting in a 10% improvement in food
costs and a 6% increase in sales.
Developed, implemented and evaluated compensation policies/benefits programs and pay structures that impacted more than 30,000
restaurants globally.
Conceptualized, communicated, and implemented a brand ambassador program increasing retention by 60% and cut staffing costs by 31%.
03/2001
 
to 
06/2005
Human Resources Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
An organization empowering people living with mental illness and co-occurring substance disorder to live, learn, work, and participate
successfully in their communities with integrated mental health services and community resources.
Orchestrated a culture change initiative to reform processes by introducing employee intranet allowing folks to electronically sign up for
benefits and review their personnel information.
Improved retention by 75% and decreased recruiting costs 21% annually.Headed an HR department where I took innovative approaches to recruitment/retention, improving employee morale and enhancing
employee benefits by conducting impact studies and cost-benefit analysis for all programs in the department.
Co-facilitated the organizational and strategic planning process for the agency's five-year plan.
Managed an HR department of four staff as well as well as function as indirect supervisor to 20 agency administrative staff and volunteers.
Developed and implemented employee relations programs that promoted a positive organizational culture (e.g.
awards, recognition, special events).
Wrote and oversaw policies, standards and practices for performance evaluations and pay for performance as well as conducted annual
wage and salary surveys.
Grew St.
Luke's House professional education program from a few training sessions per year to a state of the art training program offering more than
50 workshops, seminars, and educational events annually.
Education
5/2013
B.S
 
: 
Communications
 
University of Phoenix
 
Communications
12/2003
Shady Grove - HR Certificate/PHR Certification
 
University of Maryland
Interests
Member of Society of Human Resource Management since 2001 *Certified Career Development Facilitator 
*Freelance writer for "Grace"
Magazine, a Christian magazine that encourages and empowers women of all ages.
Skills
ADA, administrative, Adobe Illustrator, art, agency, benefits, Ceridian, Change Management, decision-making, DCA, Employee Relations, special
events, fast, focus, hiring, HRIS, hub, hubs, Human Resources, HR, Information Systems, KRONOS, leadership, legal, mental health, mental
illness, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, MS Word, Oracle, Organizational Development, Organization Development, organizational,
Performance Management, personnel, policies, processes, recruiting, recruitment, sales, SAP, seminars, staffing, strategic, Strategic Planning,
supervisor, surveys, workshops
Additional Information
AWARDS and PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS: Best Results Commitment Survey Award (BWR HR Team) - 2006 thru 2011
Director's Award - 2008, 2009, and 
2010 US Human Resources Business Partner Award- 2007 * Extra Mile Award - 2007 Best In
Class - 2006 * People Pillar Award - 2006 * Gold Hat Award - 2005 Member of Society of Human Resource Management since 2001
Certified Career Development Facilitator Freelance writer for "Grace" Magazine, a Christian magazine that encourages and empowers
women of all ages.