OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH NURSE COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
Dedicated RN with over 20 years experience in nursing seeking career transition into a new clinical setting. Able to offer a solid foundation in
occupational health, office management, triage, endoscopy, homecare, primary patient care and current healthcare advancements. Highly
motivated, dedicated, flexible and compassionate with proven expertise in communication, organization and documentation skills. Valuable
interpersonal skills, forging relationships and collaborating with interdisciplinary teams to develop outstanding care/support and to facilitate a
friendly and caring environment. Dependable, responsible and autonomous; able to work independently or within a group.
Core Qualifications
Skill Name Home
Â Patient Management
Patient AssessmentÂ 
Homecare/Hospice CareÂ 
Communication & Documentation
Healthcare EducationÂ 
JCAHO Standards / Compliance
Relations
Homecare Skills/OasisÂ 
Quality Assurance / Quality Control
Records MaintenanceÂ 
Good Last Used/ExperienceÂ 
Expert Currently used/22 years
Expert Currently used/ 22 yearsÂ 
Â Expert Currently used/22 years
Expert Currently used/19 years
Â Expert Currently used/22 years
Â Expert Currently used/19 years
Â Expert Currently used/22 years
Expert Currently used/22 years
Experience
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH NURSE COORDINATOR
 
September 2011
 
to 
May 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
To provide comprehensive occupational and environmental health services
including but not limited to occupational medicine, industrial hygiene, industrial safety and administrative tasks. Assessment of all injuries or illness,
first aid, CPR, and emergency treatment to all employees and guests. Educate about basic health care, prevent heath issues, monitor the health
condition of the employees, dispense medication(s); train and support other staff members and manage the health risks within the facility. Referral
of employees to the appropriate medical services or arrangements for physician requested treatments. Develop and implement "Wellness program"
activities. Highlights of Contributions: Respond to all medical emergencies immediately * Provide Cardiovascular Pulmonary
Resuscitation/Automated External Defibrillator and first aid; annual training to support staff in AED and periodic device monitoring * Submit and
track Medical Incident Reports within five days of occurrence and follow-up * Provide and disperse over-the-counter drugs in accordance with
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) or Standing Orders * Provide and perform physicals and medical examinations including job specific
testing * Administer vision, respiratory and hearing screening. * Maintain mother's nursing rooms * Administer Influenza vaccine program and
allergy injections per physician orders * Administer vaccines for business related travel * Host and coordinate blood drives, "Wellness programs"
and other education programs; maintain and provide educational materials * Maintain Ergonomics, Wellness, and Blood Borne Exposure Control
Programs * Monitor and order clinic and office supplies * Host health related seminars * Coordinate annually written policies, SOPs and Standing
Orders * Maintain employee records
Physician Liaison/Nurse Triage/GI Nurse
 
December 2000
 
to 
October 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
AmSurg Corp., Washington, DC Physician Liaison/Nurse Triage: Assisted the physicians in all aspects of patient care. Assessed and
prioritized each incoming patient telephone call and advise them in basic treatment or recommend seeking immediate care in a local hospital,
ER, or assisted them with scheduling an office visit. Additional responsibilities included, but not limited to: diagnostic test results via email
and phone, prescription refills, medication and diagnostic pre-certifications, scheduling, completing medical forms and various office duties
as required. Highlights of Contributions: * Acted as an extension of the health care team to meet the patient's needs. * Received &
processed telephone calls from patients requiring medical advice or general information. * Assessed the patient's problem utilizing
established protocols while interacting with the physician and/or additional healthcare resources. Made appropriate recommendations to
include advice, appointments per protocol, or direction from physician. * Documented calls received, in the patients chart. * Performed
follow-up call to ensure adequate medical service was provided and received. * Acted as an extension of the health care team to meet the
patient's needs. * Assisted patients in an empathetic, efficient manner to determine best course of action to resolve the presenting issue. *
Met regional standards set by the physicians and office management to achieve optimal patient satisfaction such as phone and email access.
Was receptive to constructive feedback by supervisors and/or patients to better improve service. * Contributed to the development of
protocols, procedures, patient education, & training * Demonstrated the ability to make quick decisions, based on sound base of critical
thinking, skills, knowledge and guidelines. * Interacted and communicated effectively with a variety of levels of staff to provide and improve
customer service to patients and their families. * Other related duties performed: scheduled office and diagnostic appointments; reviewed
prescription refill requests; communicated laboratory and pathology results via email and voice messages; obtained and completed pre-
authorizations for medications and diagnostic tests; completed medical forms (i.e. patient, state, insurance, etc.) and directed patient care
and teaching. GI (Endoscopy) Nurse: Assessed, planned, implemented, supervised and evaluated direct and indirect nursing care for
patients in the endoscopy setting. Established a patent IV prior to the procedure and phlebotomy as needed. Assisted the physicians with
administering conscious sedation during endoscopy procedures. Highlights of Contributions:
Maintained a comprehensive multidisciplinary approach to patient care, working closely with the entire GI surgery team.
Assisted the physician performing the procedure with manipulation of the colon, removal of any polyps and tissue biopsies; retrieved and
submitted all specimens to the laboratory to determine the pathology.
Assisted with care of the specialized equipment in the endoscopy suite, including equipment management and cleaning.
Followed-up with telephone communication after the endoscopy procedure; notified the physician of any adverse effects and document
accordingly.Home Healthcare Nurse
 
May 1990
 
to 
July 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Performed a comprehensive range of clinical functions in the home setting within the community. Assessed patients' developmental stages
and conditions, administered medications, maintained patient charts/care plans and responded to medical emergencies. Coordinated all
aspects of the patient's home care, interacting with other disciplines and agencies, as needed, while providing professional care to the patient
as indicated by agency policies, State and Federal laws and regulations. Performed the initial admission visit to the patient in the home to
determine the patient's eligibility for home care services and develop the plan of care to be followed. Completed all paperwork necessary
for agency policies and federal/state laws. Follow-up visits in the home per patient need and insurance approval. Highlights of Contributions:
Excellent observation, clinical skills, good clinical judgment, and outstanding oral and written communication skills.
Flexible and cooperative in fulfilling the role obligation which in Self-directed with the ability to work independently with little supervision
while utilizing excellent nursing skills.
Nursing
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
NURSING
 
Gannon University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
Lambda Sigma Society, GPA: 3.85, NxStage/US Renal Care: Home
Dialysis education & training, BCLS, CPR, Trauma Certification
Professional Affiliations
SGNA
Accomplishments
Highly motivated, dedicated, flexible and compassionate with proven expertise in communication, organization and documentation skills.
Valuable interpersonal skills, forging relationships and collaborating with interdisciplinary teams to develop outstanding care and support and
to facilitate a friendly and caring environment
Excellent observation, clinical skills, good clinical judgment, and outstanding oral and written communication skills
Excelled in early nursing career as RN/nurse team leader in Home Health Care (2/1992 to 5/2000) and hospital staff nurse on Med-
Surg/Neuro Floor (5/1990 to 2/1992), with commendations for quality of total patient care from community/teaching hospital employers.
Elected for nurse of the year in 1992
Known as a loyal team player with an unwavering commitment to providing quality care and preventive medicine advocacy. Available for
full-time employment, preferably day shift
Skills
Healthcare, Training, Access, Customer Service, Laboratory, Liaison, Office Management, Patent Education, Â Phlebotomy, Â Scheduling,
Teaching, Telephone, Voice, Self-directed, Cpr, Administrative Tasks, Arrangements, Cardiovascular, Employee Records, Environmental Health,
Ergonomics, Industrial Hygiene, Industrial Safety, Office Supplies, Sop, Sops, Testing, Community Relations, Documentation, Forging,
Maintenance, Oasis, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Rn, Rn License, Rn/, Team Player, Wound Care, Cpr Certification, Cpr Certified,
Dialysis, Registered Nurse