RETAIL BANKING DIRECTOR
Summary
A highly creative professional with over 18 years of executive marketing and communication experience and a proven track record of successful
projects from initial concept through completion. Â A high energy, results-oriented leader recognized for innovative tactics and demonstrated
success at strategic/tactical planning, building large (over 200) highly effective teams focused on achieving production and financial goals, analytical
and financial expertise. Â A talent for building and working with cohesive teams with strong problem solving skills, able to manage time-sensitvie
projects with multi-million dollar budgets. Proven success in increasing customer awareness, changing brands and image within the Santa Fe
community and achieving growth and budgetary goals. Strong ability in working with all levels of an organization from entry-level employees to
board members and community leaders.
Skills
Strategic Planning
Marketing and Communication
Highly Creative
Financial & Analytical Experience
Facilities Management Experience
Leading IT related Projects & Teams
Experience
Retail Banking Director
 
Jan 2007
 
to 
Jan 2017
 
Company Name
Provide leadership to all the NM & CO Branches and Private Banking within the Bank in the areas of loan & deposit growth; risk
management; staff development and community involvement.
Manage the training; facilities and real estate projects for the Company.
Responsible for all the development, planning and execution of a deposit products & services strategy that supports the Bank's strategic
plan in the delivery of all retail and commercial deposit product lines.
Direct experience in annual budgeting and monthly financial reporting to the Bank's Board of Directors and Asset & Liability Committee.
Participate in Executive Management; Asset & Liability Management; IT Steering and Compliance committees.
Marketing & Communications Director
 
Jan 1993
 
to 
Jan 2006
 
Company Name
Managed the relationship with the outside advertising agency, marketing assistant, contribution's & sponsorship's budget, project
management, customer relationship software, coordinating special events, developed & managed the call center and all the branches for the
Bank.
Developed advertising campaigns, direct mail programs, Bankwide employee incentive programs, collateral materials.
Participated in Executive Management and planning sessions on marketplace strategy and on pricing, product and investment strategies.
Responsible for new product development and implementation.
Responsible for implementation and management of Bankwide projects.
Responsible for maintaining the Bank's corporate image, including signage, marketplace perceptions, market assessments to test the image.
Responsible for the development of special events to attract and retain Bank customers.
Advanced computer skills.
Operations Manager
 
Jan 1986
 
to 
Jan 1993
 
Company Name
Project Management for multiple technology related and product development projects.
Ensured compliance with all laws and policies and procedures were followed by Bank staff in accordance with the regulatory environment.
Responded to all audit comments and followed up on training and staff adherence.
Managed training, merchant services and audits responses and follow-up for the branches.
Wrote the teller & branch operations manuals in accordance with accepted policies & procedures.
Kept policies and procedures updated and communicated to all branch personnel.
Developed and managed the monthly reports of ATM profitability.
Education and Training
Graduate
 
2016
 
Leadership New Mexico
MBA
 
, 
technology
 
The College of Santa Fe Western States School of Banking at University of New Mexico
 
technology
B.S.B.A
 
, 
Business Administration management
 
Northern Arizona University
 
Business Administration management
Interests
Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce board member 2007-2012; treasurer the last 3 years *Partners in Education board member 2004-2006 *Junior
Varsity tennis coach at St. Michael's High School
Skills
Adobe Acrobat, advertising, agency, ATM, Banking, budgeting, budget, call center, delivery, direct mail, special events, Executive Management,
Facilities Management, Financial, financial reporting, image, investment strategies, leadership, marketing, market, Marketing and Communication,
materials, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Powerpoint, Microsoft Word, new product development, personnel, policies, pricing,
product development, Project Management, real estate, retail, risk management, staff development, strategy, strategic, Strategic Planning
Additional Information
AWARDS & COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT *Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce board member 2007-2012; treasurer the last 3 yearsAWARDS & COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT *Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce board member 2007-2012; treasurer the last 3 years
*Partners in Education board member 2004-2006 *Junior Varsity tennis coach at St. Michael's High School *Best Bank in Santa Fe
Award - five years in a row *Winner Business Excellence Award in the Large Business Category of the Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce
and US West 
*Winner Best Employer of the Year of the Large Business Category 
Jennifer Lind