ASSISTANT BANKING CENTER MANAGER
Executive Summary
Results-focused management professional offering 6 years of progressive leadership experience. Transforms high-potential staff into outstanding
leaders who demonstrate the creativity and savvy that is critical to financial and operational success.
Core Qualifications
Microsoft Certified, 120+WPM
Top-rated sales performer
Training and development
Experience using various corporate software systems (Hummingbird, C-Net, Touch
pointe, etc.)
Proficient in E-Automate Digital software
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite and web-based reporting tools
Budget development
Operations management
Cross-functional team management
Staff training
Skilled negotiator
Sound judgment
Computer-savvy
Calm under pressure
Complex problem solving
Top 10% Performer in Sales, Loans and
Operations
Platinum Loan Award
NMLS Certified
Skills
Detail-oriented excellent problem solving skills and extensive social media marketing experience.
Results-oriented with the ability to lead organizations to successful product launches and higher revenues.
Expertise in developing client relations.
Excel at interfacing with others at all levels to ensure organizational goals are attained.
Proactive approach has resulted in capturing numerous accounts and expanding client base.
Possess excellent interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills.
Excel within highly competitive environments where leadership skills are the keys to success.
Creative with broad-based background in highly competitive and dynamic organizations.
Recognized as a decisive leader and excellent team player Account maintenance Business recovery and sustainability Operations analysis
Procedure and process review and development
Automate, banking, Budget development, business development, C, CoachING, Cold Calling, Excellent Communication, credit analysis,
clientele, customer service,marketing, mergers, Microsoft Certified, Microsoft Office Suite, Fast learner, reporting, retail, risk analysis,
selling, sales, strategic alliances
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Assistant Banking Center Manager
 
01/2010
 
to 
Current
Financial reporting
Bank reconciliations
Knowledge of commercial law Negotiation skills
Complex problem solving skills
Needs assessments
Creative design Strategic planning Sales and Marketing Increased annual gross sales by 15%.
Developed direct mass mailings which resulted in 8% growth of customer base.
Sales and Promotion Achieved status as one of the top 10 performers in the region.
Assisted in planning and executing promotional events.
Client Interface Managed accounting close, accounts payable, and financial reporting for multiple clients.
Profile management position accountable for soliciting business accounts and Developing strategic alliances with clientele.
Develop tactics to increase assets and profitability within a territory Develop and implement innovative marketing principles and promotional
sales events for Commercial and personal projects to further support financial growth.
Counsel individuals and corporate clients with regard to investment opportunities, risk Analysis and monetary returns.
Cross-sell banking services and products to clientele. Participate in community events to position the bank as a leader within the territory.
Manage Staff, and Compliance throughout Banking Center Coach staff in profile management, compliance, balancing Prepare for quarterly
audits Highlights: Excellent Communication Skills Fast learner, and excellent training skills Obtaining Loans: Personal, Home Equity, Vehicle,
Commercial, and Small Business Cross-selling: Personal and Business accounts including investments Cold Calling On Site visits to local
business Manages All Staff , follows HR and corresponding Governance Managed banking center during mergers and acquisition Multi-
Task, Handled Risk and Operations Achieving beyond expected quota each quarter.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sr. Financial Banker
 
07/2007
 
to 
01/2010
Profile management position accountable for soliciting business accounts and developing strategic alliances with clientele.
Develop tactics to increase assets and profitability within a territory Develop and implement innovative marketing principles and promotionalsales events for commercial and personal projects to further support financial growth.
Counsel individuals and corporate clients with regard to investment opportunities, risk analysis, and monetary returns.
Cross-sell banking services and products to clientele.
Participate in community events to position the bank as a leader within the territory.
Highlights: Excellent Communication Skills Fast learner, and excellent training skills Obtaining Loans: Personal, Home Equity, Vehicle,
Commercial, and Small Business Cross-selling: Personal and Business accounts including investments Cold Calling On Site visits to local
business Achieving beyond expected quota each quarter.
Company Name
 
State
 
Sr. Financial Service Rep
 
11/2003
 
to 
07/2007
Directed daily operations for retail banking, including branch sales, business development, customer service, and credit analysis.
Managed a staff of customer service representatives and tellers.
Analyzed financial statements and pertinent information to determine creditworthiness of prospective customers.
Counseled corporate clients and high net-worth individuals with regard to their borrowing needs.
Highlights: Joined BBVA Compass as a Part-Time teller, Promoted to Senior Teller, and then Sr.
Financial Rep within 2 years.
Transferred to Capital One, Na.
To further my career in Banking.
Education
Bachelor
 
:
 
Business Finance/ HR Management
 
University of Houston downtown
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
Associates
 
Houston Community College
Affiliations
Leadership Development Program-Comerica Bank
Junior Achievement
Red Cross
March Of DImes
Breast Cancer Awareness
Prior Chamber Member