LEAD ACCOUNTANT
Highlights
QuickBooks, Peachtree, In-house Accounting Systems and Financial Reporting, MAS 90, FAR, WAWF, Great Plains, Integration
Manager, FRx reporting.
Hyperion Workspace, Planning, Enterprise, Essbase, Schedules and Reports, Crystal Reports, MS Office with strong Excel skill
Financial Accounting
Database Management
Budget Administration
Performance Reporting
Tax Preparation and Compliance
Forecasting/Trend Analysis
Strategic Planning
Cash-Flow Analysis
Variance Analysis
Sarbanes-Oxley Research and Compliance
Experience
Lead Accountant
 
November 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Experience in various areas including, but not limited to: operating budgets, financial analysis/planning, financial statements and reporting,
accounting policies and procedure, cash flow, taxes, auditing, and business process improvements.
Manage various areas in financial accounting, budgeting and financial analysis.
Execute qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques to minimize risks and liabilities.
Develop and implement system processes to achieve financial discipline and improve the overall efficiency of the organization.
Provide strong analytical skills, good relationship management and negotiation skills in liaising with various large corporate entities, financial
institutions and various regulatory authorities.
Monitor and manage daily processes for multiple complex revenues streams.
Review contracts for new pricing schedules while researching and implementing new accounts into the accounting systems.
Provide subject matter expertise in analyzing revenue trends and apply corrective measures to risk findings.
Maintain ongoing communication with key stakeholders to include accounts, operations managers and new markets support teams for
emerging accounting issues and recommend corrective actions.
Test internal controls for compliance in preventing fraud and improving accounting processes while meeting full compliance with GAAP,
Federal and State law.
Stay abreast of relevant new market events and new product in the pipeline.
Track daily activity of the firm's new contracts and provide recommendations on financial related issues.
Maintain the accuracy and completeness of all deferred revenues and enforce timely revenue recognition.
Lead and develop methods and implement revenue test models for complex billing structures.
Perform trends analysis on revenues using quantitative methodology and forecast future contingencies.
Maintain the new revenue backlog inventories and periodically testing for appropriateness against new pricing conditions as well as
accounting policy determinations.
Identify risky accounts in default and communicate to account managers for corrective actions.
Prepare various ad hoc reports upon request by senior management requiring knowledge of general ledger and supporting sub-ledger
details.
Lead, support, and assist the external financial audit process.
Prepare and maintain various incentive payment schedules for the prescriber program.
Lead and support the billing automation effort while streamlining the monthly billing process for more prompt, accurate and timely billing of
our customers.
Improve cash flows by meeting targeted projections.
Senior Accountant
 
September 2006
 
to 
October 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Compiled and analyzed financial data used in the preparation of corporate financial statements.
Provided support to business operations through analysis of key performance indicators and trends.
Maintained and supervised the various systems of internal controls over financial reporting while assessing and remediating deficiencies
discovered through periodic testing making easier to reconcile accounts.
Collaborated, compiled, and prepared budgets and forecast operational activities.
Maintained general ledger and sub ledger accounts by posting and documenting financial journal entries.
Managed and maintained corporate closing schedules for periodic financial reporting.
Monitored and maintained fixed assets and depreciation schedules on ongoing basis.
Filed property taxes with county and ensured compliance of corporate sales taxes with Federal and State.
Lead team in the preparation and coordination of the financial audit process.
Reconciled bank statements and procured recommendations for all bank irregularities issues with key stake holders.
Staff Accountant
 March 2006
 
to 
August 2006
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Performed monthly closing cycle, responsible for preparing, analyzing, reconciling and correcting financial statements and management
reports for the homebuilding divisions.
Acted as the primary contact for operations' personnel for any accounting-related matters.
Maintained the company's systems of internal controls over financial reporting.
Posted financial statement entries; including reconciling and documented P & L re-classification entries.
Verified preliminary sales report and composed final corporate reporting.
Reviewed and reconciled inventory status and posted reconciling entries.
Prepared and corrected preliminary escrow analysis, including extensive analysis of escrow account allocation entries.
Performed analysis of direct profits.
Reviewed and created roll forward reports of builder's reserve runs summary.
Reconciled builder proceeds with mortgage proceeds.
Researched accounting procedures, policy and statures, including Sarbanes-Oxley, SEC compliance, IRS, state and local tax laws.
Education
BS
 
: 
Accounting Business Administration
 
, 
2005
 
University of Maryland University College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounting Business Administration
CPA Candidate
Skills
accounting, Accounting Systems, ad, analytical skills, auditing, automation, billing, budgeting, budgets, Budget, business operations, business
process, Cash-Flow, cash flow, closing, contracts, CPA, Crystal Reports, Database Management, Essbase, senior management, financial,
Financial Accounting, financial analysis, financial analysis/planning, Financial Reporting, financial statements, fixed assets, Forecasting, general
ledger, Great Plains, Hyperion, inventory, ledger, law, market, MAS 90, Excel, MS Office, negotiation, Enterprise, Peachtree, personnel, policies,
pricing, processes, quantitative analysis, QuickBooks, reconciling, relationship management, reporting, researching, Research, sales, Sarbanes-
Oxley, Strategic Planning, Tax Preparation, tax, taxes, Trend