FINANCE COORDINATOR
Summary
To acquire a position that will grant me the opportunity to contribute to the efficient operation of a firm and earn advancement through my job
performance.
Highlights
Accounting systems assessment
Account reconciliations
Budget analysis
General and tax accounting
Accounts receivable professional
Fiscal budgeting knowledge
Invoice coding familiarity
Strong communication skills
General ledger accounting skills
Multi-state payroll
ADP
Federal and state tax regulations
Record-keeping
I-9 documentation
Accounts payable
Internal controls
Microsoft applications
Billing
Independent worker
Time management
Attention to detail
Exceptionally organized
Relationship building
Reliable
Excellent communication skills
Bilingual in [Spanish]
Flexible
Excellent time management skills
Accomplishments
Accounting Skills
 Â 
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
General Ledger Accounts
 Â 
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
Experience
06/2010
 
to 
Current
Finance Coordinator
 
Company NameResponsible for the preparation of bi-weekly payroll including retirement plans, termination, union dues as well as resolving insurance issues
and deductions for 30+ employees using the Paychex system.
Maintained and entered time-keeping data for collected bi-weekly timesheets into Paychex Time and Labor system with particular focus on
processing exempt & non-exempt hours, personal, vacation & sick leave.
Applied knowledge of applicable laws as related to the payroll process, including garnishment regulations, and state tax regulations.
Reviewed payroll reports for accuracy prior to distribution of pay checks.
Maintained an accounts payable turnover rate of 30 days or less.
General ledger posting.
Prepared bank reconciliation.
State and City Funding Monthly Expense Reports.
09/2007
 
to 
03/2010
Accountant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for the preparation of bi-weekly payroll including retirement plans, termination, as well as resolving insurance issues and
deductions for 175 employees using the ADP TotalSource and ADP PC.
Maintain and enter time-keeping data for collected bi-weekly timesheets into ADP EZ Labor Management system with particular focus on
processing exempt & non-exempt hours, personal, vacation & sick leave.
Apply knowledge of applicable laws as related to the payroll process, including garnishment regulations, and state tax regulations.
Review payroll reports for accuracy prior to distribution of pay checks.
04/1994
 
to 
10/2006
Senior Accountant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Responsible for the preparation of bi-weekly payroll including retirement plans, termination, union dues as well as resolving insurance issues
and deductions for 550+ employees using the ADP system.
Maintained and entered time-keeping data for collected bi-weekly timesheets into ADP system with particular focus on processing exempt
& non-exempt hours, personal, vacation & sick leave.
Applied knowledge of applicable laws as related to the payroll process, including garnishment regulations, and state tax regulations.
Reviewed payroll reports for accuracy prior to distribution of pay checks.
Interacted with employees and management on payroll related projects and inquiries including reporting of employee leave of absence,
unemployment, fund allocations, payroll account reconciliation, disability and worker's compensation on a monthly and quarterly basis.
Maintained and monitored all government contracts, grants and restricted contributions to ensure all reporting requirements are met on a
timely basis and review on-going budgetary discrepancies with program directors.
Prepared annual audit schedules, budgets and various financial analyses as needed.
Maintained an accounts payable turnover rate of 30 days or less.
General ledger posting.
Prepared bank reconciliation.
Successfully managed over ten state and city contracts, including preparing monthly expenditure reports, budget modifications, and year end
closeouts.
Maintained account receivable analysis reports.
Education
2008
GED
 
: 
HS Equivalence Diploma
 
HS for Humanities
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
âˆ’ High School Equivalence Diploma, HS for Humanities
Certificate
 
: 
Principles of Accounting
 
Lehman College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
âˆ’Continuing Education, Lehman College âˆ’ Computer Leadership and Vocational Educational Program, Alianza Dominicana Inc. âˆ’ Medical
Billing and Coding Netcom Information Technology
Certifications
Medical Billing
Languages
Bilingual (Spanish/English).
Skills
Payroll, State Tax, Accounts Payable, Bank Reconciliation, General Ledger, Posting, Reconciliation, Accountant, Account Receivable, Account
Reconciliation, 
Accounting, Billing Audit, Basis, Budget, Budgets, Compensation, Contracts, Disability, Government Contracts, Leave Of
Absence, Payroll Account, Payroll Account Reconciliation, Finance, 
Excel, Microsoft Windows Xp, Ms Excel, Ms Word, Outlook, Quickbooks,
Quickbooks Pro, FUND EZ, Paychex, ADP, Medical Invoicing.