HR MANAGER
Summary
Human Resources Manager with practical understanding of business needs. Areas of expertise include conflict management and employee training.
Human Resources Generalist who promotes a team-oriented and open-door environment that is conducive to a successful staff. Offering
[Number]
 
years of experience and knowledge in training, orientation and incentive program creation. 
[level of management]
 -level ma
 Human
Resource executive who works with other executives to translate business strategies into HR actions that drive business results. 
nager with 
[years
of experience]
 
years of managerial experience. Strong strategic-planning and people-management skills.
Highlights
Compensation/payroll
Regulatory compliance
Staff development
Compensation/benefits administration
Policy/program development
Salary structure/compensation analysis
Performance management strategies
Interviewing expertise
Staffing and recruiting professional
Hiring and retention
Training and development
Employee relations
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Manager
 
04/2016
 
to 
Current
Sunningdale Tech (Thailand) Co.,Ltd.
 .
Type of business : 
Tooling and Plastic Injection.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR & Admin.Manager
 
09/2013
 
to 
04/2015
Responsibility : Report directly to CEO Transformed HR from administrative role to strategic business partner, including working with
management level to drive key business and implement performance initiative, conducted extensive analysis of existing HR Organization and
Development business plan to up dated all policies, procedure, service, program and operation.
Direct HR function including recruiting, hiring practice, benefit and Compensation.
Develop standardized organizational model to clarify authority and responsibilities.
Learning and development as providing guidance on learning and development for manager and their team as well as set up training system,
implementing and identify areas that need to attention and improvement.
Ensure legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable labor law requirements, conducting investigation, maintaining record,
representing the organization at hearing.
Deal with complex disciplinary/grievance and HR issues, using HR and company knowledge evidencing appropriate decision making skills
Overseeing and manage all administrative activities of the company, ensuring that all work processes are maximized for efficiency.
Sekisui s - lec 
( Thailand ) Co., Ltd.
ESIE, Rayong ) Type of business 
: PVB Interlayer Film for Laminated Glass.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
General Administration Asst. Chief
 
11/2002
 
to 
09/2013
One year 
break for living abroad ) Promoted to fulfill a broad range of HR functions, including Purchasing and General Administration to
ensuring that meet the company's goal Human Resource Handle and Played a key role in ensuring the successful of a full spectrum of all HR
Operation system and program :- Recruitment and Selection ; Managed recruitment process in an effective and efficient manner Maintain
up-to-date recruitment progress and implemented a reporting process on manpower concerns.
Coordinates, negotiates and liaises with employment and advertising agent on service fee, advertisement recruitment and interview
schedules.
Conducts interview up to executive levels and arranges interviews for management levels.
Managing orientation program for employee to the business and culture Training and Development ; Identify key skills, specialty skills and
propose training needs accordingly Responsible for developing and maintaining standard, developing and meeting objectives, continuous
improvement of department operations, developing strategic plans to meet company goals, and managing assigned staff.
Compensation and benefits ; Monitor and alert division manager to any variance of any concerns issues.
Compile all data needed for the annual salary review, annual performance appraisal analysis and promotion, annual bonus.
Improve and Implemented a performance measurement and development.
Supervise and manage all HR function generalist and other job as assign by Division Manager Purchasing Supervise and manage all
purchasing function both Oversea & Domestic and other concerns.
Supervise and lead the procurement group in all phases.
Prepare purchase requisitions, initiative to approve and issues purchase orders in accordance with company policy and negotiated terms and
conditions.
Other job as assign by Division Manager General Administration Managerial Overseeing all administrative activities of the company,
ensuring that all work processes are maximized for efficiency.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
To supervise general administrative support and serve as a general resource for all direct inquiries from a wide variety requestors Planning
and scheduling projects and ensuring timely completion Work closely to General Administration Manager and perform executive
administrative tasks with supporting all the requestors from both internal and external Coordinating workflow and maintaining a productive
work environment Develop and recommend administrative processes and procedures to assure efficiency Work closely with the
Administrative Manager to coordinate efforts towards meeting deadlines and clarifying priorities Establish processes and schedules to ensure
all required submissions are made accurately and in a timely manner Respond to and initiate inquiries (questions regarding purchasing,personnel, facilities, administration, specialized programs, etc.).
Explain policies, answer questions, and independently resolve problems wheneverfeasible.
Company Name
 
General Manager and HR Director
As the HR Manager, will take responsibility for conceptualizing and spearheading new HR initiatives, development and management of an
effective and responsive human resource functions, as well as leading the HR team in the full spectrum of human resource activities as ;
Formulate and implement human resource policies and procedures in line with the company's business goals Manage compensation and staff
benefits programmes including leave management Develop and implement performance appraisal and performance management systems for
all levels of staff in line with the company objectives Manage recruitment and selection activities to meet the manpower requirements of all
the departments Assess short and long term training needs as well as plan and direct training and development programmes to raise the
competency of 
employees Oversee payroll administration and submit all necessary statutory reports to the relevant authorities Handle
grievances and disciplinary matters Plan and carry out company events to foster harmonious working environment Conduct exit interviews,
analyse turnover determinants and implement appropriate corrective actions Overseeing and manage all administrative activities of the
company, ensuring that all work processes are maximized for efficiency.
Type of business 
: Steel and Metal Worksheet.
Education
Master of Public Administration
 
2012
 
National Institute of Development Administration (NIDA)
Comprehensive English Course under Cultural Exchange Program
 
2007
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Bachelor of Education
 
2002
 
Chulalongkorn University
Accomplishments
Complete ongoing training in the areas of :- Human Resource Management (PM and APM Certification Course) Analytical Problem Solving
and Prevention 
* Tax ISO/TS 16949 & ISO 14001 requirements 
* Leadership Competency and Work Performance Appraisal 
* Labor
Law Balance Scorecard and KPI 
* Happy Work Place Welfare and Salary Structure 
* Recruitment Compensation and Benefit Corrective
and Preventive Action By 8D report and Why Why Analysis Technique Safety Supervisor Level Software Expertise Efficient in MS Office
package and surfing internet.
Skills
Administrative, administrative support, advertising, as set, benefits, business plan, clarify, Good communication skills, Interpersonal Skills,
continuous improvement, decision making, English, Film, hiring, Human Resource, HR, law, legal compliance, Managerial, Managing, Exchange,
organizational, payroll, performance appraisal, performance management, personnel, policies, processes, procurement, progress, promotion,
speaking, purchase requisitions, Purchasing, Recruitment, recruiting, reporting, scheduling, strategic, strategic plans, Type, workflow