REGIONAL RECRUITER
Summary
Motivated program management professional, a problem-solver and decision maker; specialized in team leadership, resource coordination and
customer service, who seeks to re-enter the workforce with both feet.
Highlights
Professional caregiver
Extremely organized
Program development
Conflict resolutionDecision-making ability
Team liaison
Process improvements
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Culturally-sensitive
MS Office
Business correspondence
Project coordinationÂ 
Accomplishments
Hands-on Human Resources Coordinator with proven international/domestic operational, strategic, change management, and compensation
management background. Skilled in organizational reviews, talent management, staffing, recruiting, expatriate management, managing diversity, and
advising and influencing executive leadership on organizational issues that have a major business impact. Successfully posted, recruited,
interviewed, and hired hundreds of personnel for British government postings across the world.
Experience
Regional Recruiter
 
10/2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Carry out the full life-cycle recruitment process for a wide range of positions to include posting, sourcing, reviewing resumes and screening
candidates, making offers, and following up
Manage relationships with Posts delivering effective communication that supports the completion of recruitment activities and tasks
Handle administrative related tasks including corresponding with hiring managers and candidates, record retention for recruitments;
maintaining applicant tracking system activities related to open and closing of requisitions, entering complete and accurate data for reporting,
and other relevant tasks
Constantly evaluating area for process efficiency and identifying areas for development in guidance and reporting feedback from customers
to senior managers
Ensure the recruitments are effectively meeting the business needs and completed following appropriate procedures while meeting response
time defined in the Service Level Agreements
Partner with Hiring Managers to have a thorough understanding of the vacancy and the actions and customisations required to have a
successful recruitment campaign
Work with line managers to post open positions internally and externally, and coordinate candidate process up to and including on-boarding
Perform other related duties as required and assigned.Â 
Healthcare and Education Coordinator
 
08/2012
 
to 
01/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
Principal point of contact for all healthcare and education queries for citizens and military of the United Kingdom serving across the USA.
Enrolled British employees and families in medical, dental and prescription benefits plans, and terminated plans at the conclusion of
employment or duty.
Ensured military and United Kingdom based citizen's healthcare and education claims are checked and authorized for payment, adjusting as
necessary, and negotiated discounts with providers when appropriate.
Conducted scheduled healthcare and education reviews and updates of British Defense Staff, created action plans for development, and
submitted to the Healthcare and Education Manager for final approval.
Precisely completed appropriate claims paperwork, documentation and system entry.
Thoroughly researched newly identified diagnoses and/or medical procedures to expand skills and knowledge.
Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.
Oracle Administration Officer
 
05/2010
 
to 
09/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
Security Clearance obtained March, 2011.
Responsible for the financial administration of the British Defense Staff Provided support to the Resource Manager (DI) with primary focus
on Oracle 11i functional system and administration tasks Controlled accounting periods and monthly maintenance of currency exchange
rates Responsible for the compilation and upload of all payment spreadsheets generated by human resources.
Oversaw all travel, medical, and personal claims; ensured Foreign Service compliance and provided swift reimbursements.
Lead Pre-Kindergarten Teacher
 
10/2009
 
to 
05/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Devised and implemented lesson plans for twenty-eight four and five-year old children, based on distinctive cognitive guidelines set by the
state and the institution.
Interacted and updated parents daily on the various advancements of their children in handwriting, fine motor and large motor development,
Spanish language and ASL skill development, and their knowledge on new music, art history, and computer skills.
Worked with interdisciplinary team members to evaluate children's progress and recommend appropriate learning plans.
Addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management.Fostered reasoning and problemsolving through active exploration games and activities.
Monitored students' educational progress with individual charts and files.
Gave one-on-one attention to children while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Sociology
 
May 2008
 
University of Maryland
 
City
 
, 
State
Major in Sociology, Minor in Psychology
3.6 GPA
Nursing school prerequisites : Anatomy and Physiology I and II, Anatomy and Physiology Lab I and II, Microbiology
Associate of Science
 
: 
Nursing
 
2018
 
Baltimore County Community College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Registered Nursing Program, Spring of 2017
Languages
Conversational Spanish speaking, Intermediate reading and writing.Â 
Skills
People skills: Strong interpersonal skills, enthusiastic people person, advanced problem-solving, great organizational skills, advanced time
management capabilities. Quick learner, skilled in ORACLE and WCN databases, knowledge of international business practices and government
structure. Official-sensitive security clearance obtained October, 2016.