HR ASSISTANT
Summary
Highly motivated, and a dynamic Human Resources professional with diverse credentials seeking a position with a growing organization to make a
positive impact on company policies, and experience career growth. Accomplished human resources and administrative professional with over 3
years' experience. Attentive to detail, able to take initiative, prioritize multiple tasks and manage workload. Resourceful team player with a can-do
attitude. Results-driven with strong communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills while maintain the utmost confidentiality.
Highlights
Compensation knowledge
MS Office Suite
AR/AP proficiency
Oracle knowledge
Great communication skills
Great analytical skills *New Hire Training
Filing & Records 
Management
Spreadsheets/Reports
Office Management
Customer Service
QuickBooks, Peachtree
New Hire paperwork
Experience
03/2016
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Sourced, recruited for call center to all departments throughout the company.
Responsible for finding the right candidates and matching them to temporary 
or permanent job placement for the company.
Maintaining computer system by updating and entering data in BrassRing an responsible for complete on boarding and exit interview
paperwork.
Compiling reports and spreadsheets in order to keep track of drug test and background checks that are completed for on-boarding
process.
Complete initial phone interviews to evaluate applicants' qualifications.
Scheduling job 
interviews for field managers after seeing that applicant meet the job requirements.
Administer and manage scores tests given to applicants before making the job offer.
Help organize job fair and manage files for applicants that are not qualified.
Circle K -Naples, FL Provides convenient services to the community.
02/2011
 
to 
10/2014
HR Assistant
Maintained employee compensation, benefits, PTO, timecards and promotion opportunities.
Explained and held trainings for new and existing employees on benefit programs and company rules and regulations.
Managed Background Checks from ordering paperwork to documenting 
results in the system.
Requested and completed spreadsheet for drug tests results.
Managed internal Human Resources records for two stores and oversaw all investigations 
and disciplinary actions.
Completed exit interview paperwork.
Managed and processed time card for payroll processing by manager in a timely manner.
Processed new hire paperwork, completed on-boarding process and managed their records.
Involved in hiring process by coordinating job posting on the website, reviewing resumes, and performing telephone interviews and
reference checks.
Further developed strong communication and customer service skills as result of working with clients.
01/2007
 
to 
01/2010
AR/AP Representative
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Leading orthopedic medical device company Processed invoices and credit memos in accurate in timely manner.
Review documents for product returns and loaner fees.
Solveed incorrect billing, back up cash applications.
Made collection calls to clients periodically Lien, Waiver and NTO.
Processed invoice through payment cycle.
Insured that all venders are paid in a timely manner.
Reconciliation of vendors.
Managed vendor/supplier relations; and oversaw the timely, accurate processing of invoices, purchase orders, expense reports, credit
memos and payment transactions.
01/2004
 
to 
01/2007
Office Assistant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
StateElectrical company Updated the database with customer calls.
Worked with NTO vender helped with reconciliation and ledger Balanced and transmitted daily revenue.
AR/AP Filling lien, waiver and managed collection.
Coordinated complex travel schedules, accommodations and trip logistics for candidates.
Entered personnel and subcontractor data into a central database.
Evaluated timecards for accuracy on the regular and overtime hours.
Education
Associates of Science
 
: 
Human resources and Organizational Leadership
 
RASMUSSEN COLLEGE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Human resources and
Organizational Leadership
06/2016
Administration leadership, Communications in your profession, Accounting, Employment Laws, Human resources 1 and Organizational
Development. Member of Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) PHR certificate after graduation Volunteer Work to mentor kids
and young adults to succeed in their school or career path Score seminar on Human Resources -"How to Hire Smart" 
Rasmussen College
Skills
Accounting, ADP, analytical skills, AP, AR, Benefits, billing, Call center, Great communication skills, Interpersonal skills, credit, clients, Customer
Service, customer service skills, database, Detail-oriented, Employee Relations, expense reports, Filling, Filing, hiring, Human Resource
Management, Human Resources, Human resources 1, processing of invoices, leadership, ledger, logistics, mentor, MS Office Suite, Office
Management, Oracle, Organizational Development, payroll processing, Peachtree, personnel, promotion, QuickBooks, Recruitment, Scheduling,
Spreadsheets, spreadsheet, telephone, phone, website