HR DIRECTOR
Summary
Over 20 years experience in recruiting,
15 plus years in Human Resources Executive Management,
5 years of HRIS development and maintenance
4 years working in a Healthcare Enviroment
Skills
Recruiting
FMLA/EEO/FLSAÂ 
HRIS Development
Benefit Administration
Policy Development
Web Page DevelopmentÂ 
Accomplishments
Kansas Health Institute -Health Outcomes for the State of Kansas -1999 
Memberships and Accolades: Project Management Institute
Member, SHRM, Chamber of Commerce, 1999 Friends University President's Honor Roll, 1997 Friends University Dean's Honor Roll,
Student Liaison for Friends University Topeka (member of Mother-To-Mother, member of the Topeka 
Advertising Federation, several
production pieces created nominated for ADDY Awards, received recognition for outstanding customer service assistance by the State of
Kansas Travel and Tourism Department., ASHHRA, KAHHR, ACM.
Additional Information: 
Leading Change -I have been instrumental in development and implementation of the Adjutant General's Retention
Research project, involving survey development and analyzing the results of the surveys to present to the Adjutant General to help retain the
qualified talent of the Departments.
I have been tasked with working with the Federal Security Manager for the Joint Forces Headquarters in developing policies, procedures
and processes to ensure that all current and new State Employees have the appropriate security clearances for the position held per the
Federal Government Requirements.
While at LMIS, I lead the Job Vacancy Project and was able to produce results in less time and man hours than in years before with staff
that were inexperienced in the JVC process and procedures.
I have been responsible to develop, plan and implement database programs, for the last three positions I have held.
These were designed to cultivate, involve, renew contact, and promote active and potential employees.
These databases were used for reporting FTE usage, budget management and turnover reports.
While working in the healthcare field, I took the initiative in creating a local website that was used to receive and respond to requests for
information and assistance in marketing and promoting the healthcare facility along with recruitment of potential employees.
As Human Resource Coordinator in the healthcare field, I managed the front office personnel, reduced contract labor costs for nursing staff
and implemented a unique pay structure to increase PRN staff utilization.
I continually think "Outside-the-box" to create and develop strategies to resolve issues faced in my work environment.
In my current position, I have met and exceeded all hiring goals for the firm.
This resulted in our client increasing the business transferred to our location.
Experience
HR Director
 
09/2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Developed New Website for Agency, payroll processing changes, and implementation of new HRIS System.
Oversaw the employment process taking the lead role in clinician, physician and management team recruitment initiatives.
Developed, maintain and interpret HR policy. Authored the Employee Handbook. 
Provided coaching and support to management and
supervisors on performance management and other related issues.
Maintained in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring
regulatory compliance.
Evaluated and recommend changes to the employee benefits plan. Oversaw day to day administration of benefits.Â 
HR Director
 
04/2009
 
to 
09/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Develped Supervisory Education, SHRO Website, SHRO HRIS System and Automation of payroll processing.
Established and directed a comprehensive statewide human resource program for both classified and unclassified State employees/positions
in the Adjutant General's Department.
Resolved non-routine HR related issues associated as they arose; reviewed documents and approved all hires and promotions; reviews and
approved, modified and/or disapproved wage/salary requests to hire individuals above the pre-established minimum classified or unclassified
pay rate,
Â Reviewed any significant changes to position descriptions and determined if reclassification should be pursued; reviewed position
descriptions for new positions and determined the appropriate wage range based on comparable classified position (if they exist),
Consulted with the TAG and both military and state manager/ supervisors in order to provide technical and common sense guidance on
properly addressing sensitive or complex employee and organizational issues; aided them in achieving their ever changing program goals and
provided innovative ideas for staffing;
Served as the administration's management representative in labor negotiations with the local KAPE unit at the 190th Fire Department.
HR Manager/Sr. Recruiter
 
10/2003
 
to 
06/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
StateCreated an HRIS tracking system used for recruitment.
Responsible for Ramp up and hiring of all customer service agents, and other positions as needed.
Placement and development of all advertising 
Met and exceeded all hiring goals. Responsible for Hiring Senior Management to cover such
duties as: Team Managers, Payroll, Quality Control.
Responsible for recruitment of 950 new employees, meeting and exceeded goals set.
Coordinated and facilitated manpower planning, recruitment and retention, career development and training, staff relations, compensation
and benefits, compliance with local, state and federal statutory regulations, public programs, and regulatory audit procedures.
Served as a resource person to administration, mid-level management and staff regarding HR related.
Human Resources Coordinator
 
03/1996
 
to 
02/2000
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Developed HRIS database from ground up for employee records and monitoring.
Instrumental in reducing the use of Agency Staffing needs for hospital.
Coordinated and facilitates manpower planning, recruitment and retention, career development and training, staff relations, compensation
and benefits, compliance with local, state and federal statutory regulations, public programs, and regulatory audit procedures.
Served as the HR resource source for administration, mid-level management and staff.
Coordinated hiring procedures, appraisals, pay increases, promotions, transfers, terminations, job postings, and all corrective actions;
One Person Office, responsible for all OSHA, Work Comp, Benefits, payroll, etc.
Education and Training
Master's Degree
 
: 
Information Management Systems
 
05/2005
 
Friends University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
3.5 Credits Earned: 62 Semester
hours Information Management Systems
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Organizational Management
 
05/2000
 
Friends University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
4.0 Credits Earned: 62 Semester hours
Activities and Honors
Topeka Chamber of Commerce -Ambassador 
Kansas Hospital Association -Health Care Human Resources Member 
SHRM -Legislative Liaison
Skills
Desktop Publishing,Â 
Newsletter productions,
DATABASE Management,
Leadership 
Training,
OSHA, FMLA, 
Workers Compensation.
PageMaker,
Agency Automation, back-up,
Benefits,
Budget management,
Corel Suite,
Harvard Graphics,
Access, Excel, Microsoft Publisher, MS Word,Â 
Quark Express, Quattro Pro,
Strategic Planning,Â 
Web page development,
WordPerfect