DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Professional Summary
Progressive financial and managerial experience in not-for-profit and for-profit organizations. Primary financial contact with Board of Directors
presenting financial and statistical reports to members with varying degrees of financial knowledge. Accountable for financial management of $15M
not-for-profit health center with responsibility of financial reporting, investment reporting, budget preparation in collaboration with Senior
Management, staff supervision and coaching, and financial systems. Comprehensive expertise with non-profit organizations with multiple programs
and cost centers. 
Experienced with fund accounting and reporting requirements based on government regulations, contractual language, and donor
restrictions. 
Preparation and explanation of net assets summarized by unrestricted, temporarily restricted, and permanently restricted. 
Prepare
reporting and summarization of ongoing Capital Campaign. Extensive experience with relevant financial software applications including conversions
and upgrades. 
Currently working with Blackbaud Financial Edge and Raiser's Edge.
Skills
Accounting, computerized accounting, general accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, trial balance, banking, benefits, billing, budgets,
Budget, Cancer, cash management, closing, coaching, contracts, Client, customer service, decision making, documentation, Senior Management,
filing, Finance, Financial, financial analysis, financial audits, financial statements, Prepare financial statements, funds, general ledger, grants, Human
Resource, Insurance, interpretation, investments, legal, Director, meetings, mentoring, Excel, Microsoft Office, Office, negotiating, operating
system, payroll, payroll processing, performance analysis, Personnel, personnel management, policies, Primary Care, profit, project management,
QuickBooks, reconciling, reporting, securities, staffing, strategic, Strategic Planning, supervising, tax returns, treasury, valuation, vision
Core Qualifications
Proficient with various computerized accounting software, Microsoft Office, and investment software. 
.
Experience
DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
 
January 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepare financial statements for presentation to the Treasurer of the Board of Directors, Finance Committee, and senior staff.
Liaison to external auditors.
Prepare and analyze audit schedules.
Review of audited financial statements and 990 Information return for accuracy and reconciliation to the trial balance.
Responsible for reporting of endowment activity and reconciling of investment manager statements and general ledger.
Maintain reports to include earnings and expense documentation related to board designated, temporarily, and permanently restricted funds
in accordance with donor restrictions.
Prepare reports as needed for the Investment Committee of the Board of Directors.
Prepare and analyze general ledger, including cost centers, in compliance with Federal, State and grant funding requirements.
Complete fiscal reports required for grant funding contracts.
Preparation and analysis of annual budget, working closely with Senior Management and department directors, for presentation to the
Executive and Finance Committees of the Board of Directors.
Responsible for the Human Resource function for the Society, including payroll and benefits, as well as compliance with Federal and State
Labor Department rulings.
Supervise Finance Office including training and mentoring of entry level staff.
Monitor Personnel and Finance Office policies and procedures.
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
 
January 2009
 
to 
January 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepared and analyzed the financial statements for monthly presentation to Senior Management, the Finance Committee of the Board of
Directors, and the Board of Directors.
Monitored overall financial compliance and reporting with Federal, State, Local agencies.
Created and explained various models for annual operating and capital budgets based on changing scenarios from Federal, State, Local and
private donors.
Coordination of budget details with Senior Managers.
Presented budget for approval by the Board of Directors.
Created State of New Hampshire budget for funding for Primary Care and Breast and Cervical Cancer Program.
Responsible for completion and reporting of State Work Plan.
Key point person for all audits including A133 audit, State of New Hampshire and City of Manchester HUD technical visits.
As a member of Senior Management, reporting directly to the President/CEO, assisted with the development of annual goals, objectives
and long-term planning, as well as the general administration of the Center.
Created and submitted grant requests and grant reports for Federal ARRA and Earmark grants using the Federal Electronic Handbook and
other Federal portals.
Completed calculations and requests for Federal drawdowns using Federal portal.
Responsible for the development, implementation and monitoring of all financial systems, records and controls encompassing patient
receivables, accounts payable, general accounting, grants and contracts, and payroll.
Provided financial analysis and participated in decision making of insurance coverage, fringe benefits, and compensation plans.
Supervised, trained, and coached patient account staff and accounting staff.
Created and reviewed financial internal control policies especially for cash, patient eligibility for discounts, and Federal, State and City
program income limits.
Negotiated and monitored all insurance policies, including malpractice, property, and workers compensation.Responsible for cash management and banking authorization.
DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
 
January 2007
 
to 
January 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepared and analyzed general ledger, including cost centers, in compliance with Federal, State and grant funding requirements.
Prepared financial statements for presentation to the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors.
Completed fiscal reports required for grant funding contracts including DHHS and HUD.
Coordinated all financial audits, including State audit.
Prepared and analyzed audit schedules.
Liaison to external auditors Preparation and analysis of budget components for DHHS.
Supervised Business Office and Accounting staff in this newly combined position of Director of Finance, including coaching, training, and
reorganization.
Responsible for supervising the billing process with both electronic and paper claims, with Medicaid, Medicare, and managed care
insurance companies.
Reviewed accounts receivable aging including approval of adjustments and write offs.
Review and approval of Client Fee Assessment and financial assistance discounts.
Member of the Managed Care Insurance Team responsible for negotiating rates and contracts.
Also responsible for resolution to billing issues and contract interpretation.
TREASURY/INVESTMENT ANALYST
 
January 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prepared monthly endowment investment performance and allocation report for Investment Committee and Chief Financial Officer using
BNY Mellon Analytical Solutions and Excel worksheets.
Reconciled custodial statements to general ledger and investment manager statements.
In accordance with Investment Committee directives, worked with BNY Mellon to set up new investment accounts for custody and
performance analysis.
Assisted with the preparation of 990T and accompanying schedules including reportable transactions and foreign entities.
Reviewed for filing the planned giving tax returns including 5227, 1041A and 1099Rs.
Initiated the compilation of procedures and monthly closing checklists.
Performed various treasury functions including wire transfers and check signing.
DIRECTOR OF FINANCE AND ADMINISTRATION
 
January 2000
 
to 
January 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided financial analysis of investments of $72M including the reconciliation of trust operating system to investment managers, valuation of
common investment funds, and reconciliation of customer accounts.
Responsible for the daily operation of SunGard Charlotte system.
Prepared and analyzed monthly, consolidated financial statements that included investment servicing and not-for-profit components of the
Foundation.
As senior management, worked with the Executive Committee, President, and Director of Development to coordinate and implement the
mission of the organization.
Key contact person for the Budget and Audit Committee and a member of the Investment Committee.
As part of the Strategic Planning Task Force, collaborated with Board members to create the Foundation's mission, vision, and strategic
plan.
Developed operational budget for approval by the Board of Directors and reported explanation for variances on a monthly basis.
Supervised and coached the Operations Team and Loan Officers to work as a cohesive unit that provided attentive customer service to
church trustees.
Facilitated weekly departmental meetings.
Improved the overall accuracy of the reporting process by documenting and monitoring procedures, creating and implementing internal
controls, and improving the investment reconciliation process.
Decreased monthly closing process by 14 days.
Coordinated interdepartmental projects from inception to implementation to assessment, using project management tools.
Supervised teams to identify the goals of the project, the tasks to be performed, and the resources needed.
Responsible for the treasury function of the Foundation.
Monitored bank cash and provided funds management including securities brokerage services.
Established and maintained wire transfer, ACH and electronic transfer process.
Coordinated the audit process and was liaison to external auditors.
Prepared required schedule for the auditors as well as the consolidated financial statements and footnotes.
Prepared tax returns for charitable remainderman unitrusts and pooled income fund and IRS Form 1099R for gift annuitants.
Provided personnel management including legal issues, benefit reporting and staffing.
Researched, negotiated, and implemented fringe benefit programs.
Performed payroll processing using QuickBooks.
EducationMasters
 
: 
Business Administration
 
SOUTHERN NEW HAMPSHIRE UNIVERSITY (New Hampshire College Graduate School of Business)
Business Administration
B.S
 
: 
Office Administration Accounting
 
SOUTHERN NEW HAMPSHIRE UNIVERSITY (New Hampshire College)
 
GPA: 
with Honors
 
with
Honors Office Administration Accounting
Work History
Company Name