SENIOR MEDICAL RECRUITER
Summary
Versatile, results-oriented, responsible professional with creative and business achievements in Health and Fitness Industry, Service Industry,
Medical Recruiting Industry, as well as Customer Service Industry. A person who has the proven ability to meet business needs with creative
solutions, one who consistently demonstrates a passion to excel in business development for her customers and her company, one who utilizes
diverse strategies woven with focused qualification techniques, consultative persuasion methodology, strategic product positioning, creative
proposals, all leading to a customized solution.
Highlights
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Office
Excel
Sales Force
Power Point
Highlights
Superior communication skills MS Office proficient
Experience
Senior Medical Recruiter
 
May 2013
 
to 
July 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed my own team within 4 months of being hired.
Received 2 promotions for the duration of me being with the company.
Fielded an average of 20-30 customer service calls per day.
Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards.
Conducted reference and background checks on all job applicants.
Developed creative recruiting strategies that met anticipated staffing needs.
Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.
Managed all phases of recruitment, including defining hiring management needs and posting available positions.
Developed reports on employee headcount, monthly HR reports and quarterly training reports.
Contacted all job applicants to inform them of their application status.
Researched and recommended new sources for candidate recruiting.
Maintained an accurate candidate tracking system.
Reviewed applications' resume/curriculum vitae.Placed and assigned employees at clinics, hospitals, and other medical facilities.
Communicated efficiently with employers and employees ensuring the needs of both are met in a timely and effective manner.
Performed background checks on potential employees, as well as checking upon given references, transcripts, and credentials.
Negotiated salary, problem-solving, and counseling and established rapport with the candidate.
to Current Allen to.
Personal Assistant
 
September 2009
Assisted older adults with weight training programs by setting up equipment and providing detailed instructions.
Encouraged clients to engage in group fitness classes and other activities in the gym to meet fitness goals.
Led weekly meetings to review performance and offer direction, motivation and guidance toward achieving individual and Plano TX Dallas
TX Coursework in Exercise Science and Nutrition Science Sourcing Services International Handled incoming and outgoing
correspondence, including mail, email 
and faxes.
Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.
Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.
Created expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.
Conducted extensive online and phone research.
Personal Trainer
 
Company Name
Fitness in Motion, Energy Fitness, DFW Surf Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.
Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client.
Contributed to increases in sales for the personal training department.
Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales.
Met minimum monthly revenue, service and customer satisfaction goals.
facility goals.
Education
Associate of Science
 
: 
Nursing
 
Collin County Community College
 
Nursing
Coursework in Human Anatomy and Physiology 
Certified Nutritionist Attended Sports Nutrition seminar Certified Weight Management
Consultant
 
Cooper Institute Of DallasPersonal Information
2004 , US 2013 , US
Interests
Big Brothers/Big Sisters (Dallas, Texas) 2002-2004 RaceFor The Cure (Dallas, Texas) 2008-Present Habitat For Humanity (Dallas/McKinney,
Texas) 2009-Present Park Tavern Toys For Tots (Dallas, Texas) 
2012 SMU Alumni-Action for Autism (Dallas, Texas) 2012 Meals On Wheels
(Dallas, Texas) 2012 Dallas Darlins (WAFL) Arena Football League (Dallas, Texas) 2013 Interests Golf Rock Climbing Yoga Hiking Paddle
Boarding Crossfit Group/Team Motivating Giving Back/Helping the community Cycling 03/1999 01/1998
Skills
Anatomy, benefits, communication skills, counseling, client, clients, customer satisfaction, customer service, Dependable, direction, email, Staff
training, expense reports, faxes, hiring, HR, Management Consultant, meetings, Microsoft Excel, Excel, mail, Microsoft Office, MS Office, office,
Power Point, Microsoft Word, organization skills, Physiology, policies, problem-solving, rapport, recruiting, recruitment, research, Sales,
scheduling, spreadsheets, staffing, team player, telephone, phone, training programs
Additional Information
Volunteer Experiences Big Brothers/Big Sisters (Dallas, Texas) 2002-2004 Race For The Cure (Dallas, Texas) 2008-Present Habitat For
Humanity (Dallas/McKinney, Texas) 2009-Present Park Tavern Toys For Tots (Dallas, Texas) 
2012 SMU Alumni-Action for Autism
(Dallas, Texas) 2012 Meals On Wheels (Dallas, Texas) 2012 Dallas Darlins (WAFL) Arena Football League (Dallas, Texas) 2013
Interests Golf Rock Climbing Yoga Hiking Paddle Boarding Crossfit Group/Team Motivating Giving Back/Helping the community Cycling
03/1999 01/1998 
TX 2004 US 2013 US