HR DIRECTOR
Summary
Human Resource Professional Confident, Resourceful Human Resources professional, with academic background in human 
resources
management and hands-on experience hiring, training, orientating, and developing employees that currently serve in a one person role managing 63
employees for a fast growing organization.
Highlights
Analytical Skills 
Good Interpersonal Skills 
Organizational Skills 
Communication Skills
Recruiting and Staffing Performance Management 
Employee Relations 
Selection/Recruiting
Employee Orientation Training & Development 
Policy & Procedure Writing Detail Organization
Staff Supervision 
Employee Records System 
On-the-job Training 
Job Analysis
Cold Calling 
Internet Sourcing 
Compensation 
Labor Laws
Labor Policies 
Equal Employment Opportunity Interviewing 
Discipline Issues
Social Networking Recruitment Advertising 
Campus Recruiting 
OSHA Standards
Employee Grievance Employee Verification 
Screen/Schedule Candidates Community Outreach
Computer Skills
Microsoft Office Word Excel 
Outlook 
PowerPoint 
Publisher 
Health Care IS
HRIS Systems 
PeopleSoft Child Care IS 
Day Care Software 
QuickBooks 
Data Input
Accomplishments
Devised a successful recruiting plan for my employer, which resulted in 25 new employees in 2-months.
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2014
 
to 
January 2015
 
HR Director
 
State
Communicate orally and written with children, parents, staff, volunteers, guardians, therapist, case workers with a variety of economic
backgrounds, with clear and precise understanding withholding confidential or sensitive information with discretion.
Develop, implement, and monitor training programs suitable for employee retention.
Skilled in identifying problems, and determining accurate and relevance of information, by using sound judgment to generate and evaluate an
alternative while making a decision.
Develop policies and procedures, to include researching, drafting, editing and revising according to the federal, state, and county laws as
well as assuring these policies and procedures are met.
Pre-screen to ensure candidate is a strong fit for the position by matching individuals skills with the needs of the organization.
Knowledge of federal laws eligibility status and procedures pertaining to the full array of benefits in order to provide advice and support to
claimants.
Provide facility with classroom training, demonstrations, on-the-job training, meetings, conferences, and workshops and leadership
development education.
Ability to interpret and analyze material and make well adjusted decisions from the analysis.
Hiring staff and managing the overall image of the facility; developing job descriptions, interviewing candidates, maintaining staff development
and education and, as well as, managing disciplinary processes.
Ability to work with individuals to access needs, provide assistant, resolve problems, as well as satisfy any expectations.
Ability to use data input software, methods, and procedures to meet the needs of the consumer; input and data retrieval and provide
correspondences.
Enter employee data accurately and efficiently into recruiting database; employee sick leave, vacation, work hours, pay, and annual leave.
Served as Liaison between the agency and media/ advertising/sponsorships Create a budget and provide budget reports for events.
Coordinates and administers the new hire on-boarding process.
This includes ensuring all new hires have gone through all pre-employment requirements, maintains contact through the process with new
hires and greets and reviews first day requirements with new hires and conducts new hire orientation.
Responsible for operational and technical HR duties to include: computer entry and file maintenance; new hire orientation; maintenance of
confidential personnel files and personnel actions in compliance with applicable legal requirements; maintain computer employee data
information; miscellaneous employee requests; assist in exit process.
Makes copies, faxes documents, prepares and processes mail and performs other clerical functions.
Review for accuracy and completeness all data and documents required to process new hires, pay transactions, terminations, leave of
absences, and other employee transactions for employees.
Ensure that the appropriate forms and documents have been initiated for all of these transactions in a timely manner.
Contributes to team efforts by accomplishing related results in a cooperative and supportive manner.
Reviewing current organizational effectiveness and making recommendations for improvements.
Answers routine payroll/Kronos questions for managers and employees, and assists with problem solving.
Acts as a liaison between employees and the service center to resolve problems and clarify questions or concerns Facilitate updates and
random notifications for drug testing programs Responsible for overseeing personnel functions including compensation, benefits
administration, FMLA, and compliance with Federal/State employment regulations.
Works collaboratively with the management team to solve problems, set directions, and respond to health care business challenges.
Ensures the development of departmental plans, goals, mission, policies/procedures, and budget.
Managing and motivating staff to increase productivity and ensure business efficiency.Practices open-door policy to encourage employees to discuss grievances.
Facilitates peer-to-peer and employee-manager discussion/mediations.
Recommends and facilitates employee recognition, efforts, and events.
Analyzed employment-related data and prepared required reports.
Developed creative recruiting strategies that met anticipated staffing needs.
Managed all phases of recruitment, including defining hiring management needs and posting available positions.
Contacted all job applicants to inform them of their application status.
Thoroughly explained the employee handbook during new employee orientations.
Conducted more than 60 interviews.
Conducted reference and background checks on all job applicants.
Company Name
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2014
 
Administrator 
Farrow
 
State
Company Name
 
January 2005
 
to 
January 2008
 
Event Specialist
 
State
Company Name
 
January 1996
 
to 
January 2005
 
Assistant Director
 
State
South Carolina Notary Public.
CPR and First Aid.
Education
Webster University
 
2015
 
Financial Accounting * Managerial Accounting * Business Statistics * Business Law * Business Applications/Software *
Finance * Business Communications * Business Management * Marketing * Marketing *Management * Quantitative Methods * Human
Resources Management * Contemporary Issues In Management * Organizational Theory * Business Policy * International Business * Production
Management * Microeconomics * Macroeconomics * Labor Relations * Accounting Information Systems * Entrepreneurship.
 
: 
Human
Resources Management / Management and Leadership
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.45
 
GPA: 3.45 Human Resources Management / Management and
Leadership Managing Human Resource * Organizational Behavior * Basic Finance for Managers * Training and Development * Employment Law
* Staffing and Selection * Compensation * Labor-Management Relations *Integrated Studies in Human Resource Management * Management *
Management and Strategy * Managerial Leadership * Organization Development and Change * Integrated Studies in Management.
Benedict College
 
2013
 
BS
 
: 
Business Administration Business
 
GPA: 
Management Honors Graduate Cum Laude GPA: 3.5
 
Business
Administration Management Honors Graduate Cum Laude GPA: 3.5 Business
Skills
Accounting, Advertising, Analytical Skills, agency, Basic, benefits, benefits administration, budget, Business Communications, Business Law,
Business Management, Child Care, clarify, clerical, Cold Calling, Communication Skills, Interpersonal Skills, conferences, Makes copies, CPR,
database, drafting, editing, Employee Relations, faxes documents, Finance, Financial Accounting, First Aid, forms, Government, Hiring, HRIS,
Human Resource Management, Human Resource, HR, Human Resources Management, image, Information Systems, International Business, Job
Analysis, Kronos, Labor Relations, Leadership, leadership development, Law, legal, Managerial, Managing, Managerial Accounting, Marketing,
meetings, access, Excel, mail, Microsoft Office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher, Word, Works, Negotiations, Networking, Notary Public,
Organization Development, Organizational Skills, Organizational, payroll, PeopleSoft, Performance Management, personnel, Policies, Develop
policies, Pricing, problem solving, Procedure Writing, processes, Procurement, Production Management, QuickBooks, file maintenance,
Recruiting, Recruitment, researching, sound, staff development, Staff Supervision, Staffing, Statistics, Strategy, training programs, workshops,
written