DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY /CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER
Executive Profile
Strategic Planning * Security * Compliance * Infrastructure * Database * Telecom Proficient leader who excels in dynamic-demanding
environments while maintaining clarity and focus Skilled in development and implementation of digital business technologies including Telecom
Strength in creating outstanding customer satisfaction Talented in positive team building that excels 
in delivering high quality services An innovative
technologist with exceptional track record across the entire technology lifecycle Experienced with business acquisitions and mergers Leads with
honesty, integrity, respect for others alone with a commitment to excellences Result-oriented with established success
Skill Highlights
Contract Negotiation for business support and commercial office properties
Cloud Technology implementation and deployment
Digital PBX, Cellular, Smart Devices and VoIP Technology
Deploy and integrate accounting systems to and from varies entities
ERP deployment, implementation and development
Design & implement complex interactive Web sites including Intranets
SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) analysis and deployment
Enterprise Application Development and Deployment
Enterprise Data Warehouses and SQL Repositories
Enterprise Backup, Recovery and Storage Methodologies
Enterprise Compliance and Regulatory Solutions
Security Analysis and Deployment including cell phones and mobile devices
Design, deploy and manage LAN,WAN for data/voice using copper, fiber and wireless networks
Client/Servers & Specialty servers such as Citrix and Virtual, etc.
Point to Point Wireless Antenna Systems and WiFi deployment
Mobile App deployment
Retail knowledge with IT deployment and support, Point of Sales & Bar-Coding systems
Business Analysis and Process Modeling
Lean technology to streamline mission critical business and system processes
Zero Based budgeting and EBIDTA
Policies & Procedures 
(ITIL)
Project, Network, Asset, Change and Security and Governance Management
IT Consulting
Professional Experience
Director of Information Technology /Chief Technology Officer
 
January 2007
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provide expertise, vision and leadership for developing, implementing and executing strategic and tactical information technology initiatives
that align with the mission.
Identify opportunities/risk and apply best practice in alignment with company strategic plan, goals and objectives.
Accountable to design a scalable robust infrastructure with secured platforms for rapid yet controllable office expansion into multiple states.
Deliver Enterprise technology advancements in streamlining processes plus data sharing integrations.
Cultivate relationships and negotiate contracts with key vendors/suppliers to support all-inclusive corporate and branch offices.
Create outstanding customer service satisfaction Support included several businesses; Law Firm, Car Washes, Real Estate holdings and
USA Direct Funding.
Key Achievements: Moved from fully outsourced IT support to in-house IT.
Align company strategic goals and objectives.
Recruit, train, and mentor team members.
Developed the architecture to implement strategic IT support plan.
Direct staff, vendors and project teams through due-diligence, prioritization and develop best practices.
Initiate and facilitate relationships across functional and divisional organizations as well as develop relationships with key vendors/suppliers.
Establish support for expanding branch offices through-out Pacific Northwest alone with multiple associated companies Development of
multiple applications using data mapping to input and extract data from varies databases Provided 7x24x365 data/telecom reliability
Migration of physical servers to virtual and cloud based technologies LOS customization providing better data entry, detailed milestones,
alerts, dashboard information, etc.
Paperless office introductions and deployment CRM implementation with integration to LOS (Loan Origination Software) ERP
implementation using data repository technology MPLS private network implemented for data and VoIP phone system developing a virtual
company network with 4 digit calling, Instant messaging, video conferencing and unified communications both internal and bridged to cell
phones and smart devices Companywide deployment of NEC VoIP phone system Companywide training center deployment Lean Office
deployment and data modeling to locate and improve processes (never-ending improvements) Intranet designed/Implemented provided
sharable information company wide Designed/Implemented high performance secured data network including fail-over redundancy
Enterprise Disaster Recovery plan along with Business Continuity Plan Implementation High speed printers and imaging technologies
Implementation Evaluate both established and emerging technologies to enhance current technologies and architecture Implemented
Electronic Data Integration to Accounting, internal and external websites with SQL data repositories Performed compliance and regulatory
solutions to align business to compliance standards Deployed security risk monitoring and management systems Deployed user support
ticketing system with inventory/asset tracking and remote user management.Manager/Director
 
January 2000
 
to 
January 2006
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Ensure full delivery of all IT initiatives for an international spa manufacture including retail markets.
Responsible for IT directives in alignment with company strategic plan.
Recruit, train, and mentor technology team members.
Develop and implement strategic IT support plan.
Direct staff, vendors and project teams through due-diligence, prioritization and development.
Initiate and facilitate relationships across functional and divisional organizations as well as developed relationships with key outside
vendors/suppliers.
Member of Strategic Planning, Budget and ESOP committees.
Key Achievements: Infrastructure Development.
Systems and infrastructure required complete reconstruction without interruption to daily business.
Below reflects only a few of many successful achievements.
Implemented Nortel PBX System with VoIP Switching.
System provided linking to several different off-site divisions enabling a call to be transferred thru-out the company.
Successfully design, development and integration several mission-critical applications providing sharable information and maintaining data
integrity.
Implemented and mentored an outstanding support team.
Implemented MAS200-500 accounting with customized features including ERP.
Implemented high level data security and provided international data interaction using ISO guidelines.
Implemented Supply Chain Security Management Systems.
Designed and implemented several high-end Web sites.
Established real-time interactive accounting, manufacturing, and vendor information that increased sales, reduced manpower and provided
7x24 information and product ordering to dealers and customers.
E-commerce (B2B, B2C, and EDI).
Implemented desktop internet faxing providing efficient time usage to end-users, reduced printer support, paper &copper analog lines
Successful implementation of Lean Manufacturing and Lean Office providedefficient time management which resulted in higher produced
units, reduced inventory waste, and increased the bottom line.
Implemented and managed a Tsumani 5 GHz Point to Point, 100TX base full duplex wireless broadband system between Corp.
and off-site Marketing and R&D.
The technology provided end-users with robust data entry and retrieval times.
Added value provided the IT department with better resource utilization.
Designed and implemented an ECM program.
The application covered cradle to grave information that included inventory, budget, timelines, developments and sign-off.
Implemented VPN network between Corp headquarters and Retail Stores Division.
Provided consolidation of information, data backups and application software to be hosted at Corp.
thus reducing redundant systems, manpower and providing improved service.
Education
BS
 
: 
Information Technology
 
Western Oregon University
 
Information Technology
Technology
 
Belford University
 
Technology
Limited Energy Journeyman * State of Oregon
 
Portland Community College
Skills
Accounting, accounting systems, streamline, Application Development, B2B, Backup, broadband, budgeting, Budget, Business Analysis and
Process, Citrix, Consulting, negotiate contracts, Contract Negotiation, CRM, Client, customer service, data entry, Data Integration, data modeling,
Data Warehouses, databases, delivery, Disaster Recovery, due-diligence, E-commerce, EDI, ERP, faxing, features, functional, imaging,
information technology, inventory, ISO, IT support, ITIL, LAN, leadership, Lean Manufacturing, Law, Loan Origination, Marketing, mentor,
messaging, Office, Migration, Modeling, NEC, Enterprise, Network, networks, Nortel, PBX, phone system, Policies, printer, printers, processes,
improve processes, Coding, Real Estate, real-time, Retail, Sales, Security Analysis, Servers, SQL, strategic, Strategic Planning, Supply Chain,
user support, telecom, phones, time management, video conferencing, VPN, vision, VoIP, Web sites, websites, WAN