PA MEDIA GROUP
Summary
Be in a position involving and utilizing my marketing and management skills and knowledge gained throughout my education and on the job
experience.
Highlights
Deep understanding of Google Analytics; analyzing website traffic and trends to help make business decisions; experienced in the tracking and
optimize advertising campaigns; Heavy experience in digital marketing (search, target ads, email, social, display, mobile); sold and managed
numerous multi platform digital marketing plans; reading and interpreting digital reports; extensive print experience; 
effective when leading a team;
organized; take direction well; open minded; customer service experience; sufficient in computer based skills; work well under pressure; event
planning experience *reference available upon request
Experience
Pa Media Group
 
04/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
I am responsible for maintaining and growing the Real Estate category.
I help my clients understand and utilize Pa Media Group's digital marketing platforms to secure leads and boost brand awareness.
This involves have a deep understanding of audience targeting, SEM, SEO.
SMO, email, Pinterest, video, rich media, content marketing, realtor, builder, and apartment specific advertising, and print advertising.
I collaborate with my clients to come up with the best strategies to fit their needs.
I have monthly reporting calls with these clients to go over there advertising success.
I do this by analyzing their Google Analytics account.
I must be in Google Analytics daily.
I am responsible for showing the success of their advertising campaigns through Google Analytics.
I also must show them trends and optimize their campaigns using Google Analytics.
Having a deep understanding in Google Analytics is critical in making sure my clients are making the correct advertising choices.
I provide my clients with any and every report they need through Google Analytics to assist them.
I am responsible for creating monthly reporting decks for my clients.
These reports summarize what is going on with their website, their website traffic, what is working best, and what needs to be changed in
their marketing strategy.
I am currently responsible for managing one of the company's largest digital campaigns.
This is because of my deep understanding of Google Analytics and the manner in which I can utilize it for the client.
Healthcare Account Executive
 
03/2014
 
to 
03/2015
My main responsibility is to grow and retain new and old healthcare related businesses.
I must find new business opportunities as well as maintain my current book of business.
I must be knowledgeable and have a full understanding about Audience Targeting, SEM, SEO, SMO, Email Blasts, Pinterest , Video ads,
Rich Media, Content Marketing, and whatever new product our company launches.
In this position it is critical that I have a deep understanding of Google Analytics.
I must have the ability to tie all digital campaigns back to customers Google Analytics if able to.
I have to be able to that translate the information from Google Analytics so my customers can understand it and also find the information
useful.
My goal is to be an indispensable resource to all my customers.
I currently am response for managing and maintaining our of the companies largest digital accounts.
Must work with the whole Healthcare team and maintain open communication so we do not overlap in our prospecting efforts.
Real Estate/ Executive Marketing Media Consultant
 
07/2012
 
to 
03/2014
 
Company Name
I am responsible for learning, understanding, and selling all products of the media kit.
I am accountable for maintaining my own book of business.
Repair past customer experiences, maintain current customer relationships, and create new relationships.
Create and develop effective marketing solution packages for customers.
Campaign management included utilizing google analytics to optimize the campaigns.
I had to be knowledgeable and have a full understanding about Audience targeting, SEM, SEO, SMO, Email Blasts, Youtube ads, and
Pandora ads.
I Project Leader on Best of York Tab, Readers Choice Tab, Parade of Homes Tab, and Home Show Tab.
Was an active part of the Marketing Committees for York Builders Associations and York Economic Alliance as a company representative.
Responsible for hitting monthly sales goals in retail, real estate, and digital.
Responsible for hitting the goal of each tab.
Responsible for managing, maintaining, and pitching some of the largest local accounts.
I was a marketing intern at The Conference Center at Shippensburg University during the spring semester of 2011.
Worked with customers at internship, made multiple documents for their packets, helped coordinate and set up for events, sending e-blasts,
trained with vizergy, and started the process of getting the new Shippensburg Brochure started and designed the brochure, which I had to
present to the Shippensburg Area of Commerce.
Final project for the internship was coordinating and planning a networking event for 600 guests.
05/2011
 
to 
02/2012
 
Company Namesales associate; responsible for greeting customers, assisting customers with choices, problems, and getting products, selling our credit card
to customers, running the cash register, creating displays, unloading and organizing shipments, unpacking shipment and organizing it on carts,
and putting together furniture.
LEADERSHIP.
Project leader and point person for Best of York Tab, Readers Choice Tab, The Parade of Homes Tab, and Home Show Tab; 
training and
assisting new hires and Pier 1 Imports; coordinated and plan events at internship;.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Marketing and General Management
 
2012
 
Shippensburg University John L Grove College of Business
 
City
 
, 
State
Marketing and General Management
AACSB
 
: 
International
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.5 Internship at The Conference Center at Shippensburg University Dean's List Fall Semester of 2011 and
Spring Semester of 2012 
Dale Carnigie, 2013
 
International GPA: 3.5 Internship at The Conference Center at Shippensburg University Dean's List
Fall Semester of 2011 and Spring Semester of 2012 
Dale Carnigie, 2013
Skills
ads, advertising, book, Brochure, cash register, content, credit, client, clients, customer service experience, direction, Email, event planning,
Google Analytics, LEADERSHIP, managing, marketing plans, marketing strategy, marketing, networking, organizing, print advertising, Project
Leader, reading, Real Estate, reporting, retail, selling, sales, Video, website