PLANT FULFILLMENT LEADER
Summary
Dedicated leader with comprehension manufacturing, materials, and inventory experience. Demonstrated the ability to train, manage, and motivate
team members to achieve organizational goals and objectives.
Highlights
Strategic Planning
Lean Manufacturing Practices
Site Safety
Operational ManagementÂ 
Regulatory Compliance
Training and Development
Procurement and Inventory Control
Budgeting and Cost Reduction
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Plant Fulfillment Leader
 
11/2015
 
to 
Current
Provide manufacturing leadership 
in the developing, planning, and implementing of Â the master 
schedule.
Act on all matters pertaining to 
schedules, customer status, and inventory.
Translate, prepare, and assign 
meaningful and functional productivity plans to meet established master 
schedules for customers.
Assist in the calculation of 
detailed schedules for equipment, materials, and manpower with respect to 
schedule needs versus resource
capabilities.
Work to control inventory levels, 
cycle time, machine loads, and other aspects as required to meet 
schedules.
Coordinate production control 
specialists.
Interface between customers and 
shops for prioritization of shop load to meet customer demands.
Interface with suppliers/vendors to assure realistic and timely delivery of hardware to meet 
schedule requirements.
Develop, plan, and manage programs 
to meet GE purchasing commitments to Sourcing.
Manage purchase orders between 
shop and vendors.
Coordinate all production teams' material status, production priorities, and delivery commitments.
Effectively communicate to 
external sources, including shops and revenue sharing partners.
Determine measurement systems to 
be used, inventory levels, schedules, and appropriate system changes.
Assist in determining manpower 
needs to meet facility measurement and budget goals.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Production Specialist: Large Combustors & Rotating Parts
 
12/2011
 
to 
10/2015
Controlled raw material, ensured the minimization of excess/obsolete inventory, oversaw lean manufacturing processes of a subsection in
order to increase inventory turns and deliver product requirements to customers.
Tracked, expedited, and managed the logistics of numerous jet engine component parts throughout the manufacturing lines and entire supply
chain to meet shipment deadlines.
Coordinated daily with suppliers, vendors, union operators, and internal business leaders to support, forecast, prioritize, and improve
production flow in accordance with customer demand.
Drove material input to ensure on time delivery and output schedules to maximize productivity.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Payer Relations Coordinator
 
10/2008
 
to 
11/2011
Served as the BWPO central contact for the quarterly submission of International Accounts for review to the BWH International Office.
Answered inquiries from the international office, distributed correspondence and payments to appropriate BWPO departments.
Managed functions related to the international collection agency utilized by the BWPO; responds to inquiries from the agency, verified
payments received on accounts, coordinated paying of collection fee invoices, managed distribution of status reports to BWPO
departments.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
Business Management
 
2008
 
Curry College
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Management
Skills
APS, CAS/IMPACT, CSF, Aviation Supply Chain, Lean Manufacturing, materials,Â Microsoft Excel, Office, PowerPoint, Word, inventory
levels.Â 