ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis in both private and public sectors.Well-informed accountant adept at
supplying quick responses to financial inquiries from internal management and potential clients.Creative accountant equipped with a broad
knowledge of concepts and strategies to yield the best possible financial outcomes.
Highlights
Periodic financial reporting expert
Invoice coding familiarity
Strong communication skills
General ledger accounting skills
Complex problem solving
Account reconciliation expert
Experience
Accountant
 
July 2012
 
to 
October 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I have worked at Shantilal Gala & Company (Nairobi, Kenya) which is an Audit firm, since 2nd July 2012.
I was employed as an Accountant in the Firm.
Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.
Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of p weekly and monthly.
Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.
Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
Education
Select 
One
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Business Studies
 
, 
2014
 
University of Greenwich
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
Kenya
Completed the Bachelor's degree in Business of Arts - BA Honors Business Studies achieving a Second Upper Class Honors.
The units included in the Academic Session (2012/2013) are as follows:
> Managing Strategy - involves the formulation and implementation of the major goals and initiatives taken by a company's top management on
behalf of owners, based on consideration of resources and an assessment of the internal and external environments in which the organization
competes.
> International Business Management - involves the understanding for an international career in various industries. Today's world revolves around
business. Networking on a global scale and recognising opportunities, or creating them yourself. International Business Management brings one a
step closer to success on an international level.
The units included in the Academic Session (2013/2014) are as follows:
> Small Business Development - involves the process of how to own corporations, be into partnership and become a sole proprietors. These kind
of developments are common in many countries, depending on the economic system in operation.
> PPD3 - Thematic Independent Study - the research and critical thinking skills from Personal and Professional Development (PPD) 2 and build
upon their research proposals. This unit helped me to understand the intricate relationship between theory and practice. Improved my self-
management in terms of time, planning, behaviour and motivation.
Association of Business Executive 
: 
Business
 
, 
2013
 
Oshwal College 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
Kenya
Completed the Association of Business Executive. This associate had levels and units as follows:
Certificate in Business - Level 3 includes the following units:> Introduction to Business.
> Introduction to Quantitative Methods.
> Introduction to Accounting.
> introduction to Business Communication.
Diploma in Business Management (Higher) - Level 5 includes the following units:
> Human Resource Management.
> Managerial Accounting.
> Marketing Policy, Planning and Communication.
> Organisational Behaviour.
> The Business Environment.
> Economic Principles and their Application to Business.
> Financial Accounting.
> Quantitative Methods for Business and Management.
Diploma in Business Management (Graduate) - Level 6 includes the following units:
> Corporate Finance.
> Corporate Strategy and Planning.
> International Business Case Study.
> Managing in Organisation.
> Strategic Marketing Management.
Interests
Associate Member of the Association of Business Executives Most Disciplined Girl: 2007-2008.
Outstanding Performance as a Class monitor: 2009.
Participated in the Expedition camp awarded by the Westlands Scouts Local Association: 2009.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR: Awarded for outstanding performance for the prize day variety show in 2009.
Awarded for reaching the National Finals in the Kenya Music Festival in 2007.
I am a professional Ramp Model.
I have worn and exhibited clothes of international and local designers.
Personal Information
Place of Birth: Nairobi, Kenya.
Date of Birth: 23rd of May, 1993.
Present Resident in Nairobi, Kenya.
Sex: Female
Status: Single
Hobbies: Traveling, Hiking, Reading.Additional Information
LEADERSHIP: Associate Member of the Association of Business Executives Most Disciplined Girl: 2007-2008
Outstanding Performance as a Class monitor: 2009
Participated in the Expedition camp awarded by the Westlands Scouts Local Association: 2009.
EXTRA-CURRICULAR: Awarded for outstanding performance for the prize day variety show in 2009.
Awarded for reaching the National Finals in the Kenya Music Festival in 2007.
I am a professional Ramp Model.
I have worn and exhibited clothes of international and local designers.
Skills
Organization - managing responsibilities in a particular manner and keeping track of those responsibilities.
Time Management - Good time-management skills go hand-in-hand in with strong organizational capabilities. Budgeting time will give the
allowance of managing the work efficiently.
Adaptability - its always the best for me to adapt quickly and easily as my way of understanding the procedures is through planning everything in
my mind as the work is being allocated.
Communication - allows me to interact best with the colleagues, clients and receive the best feedback from their side after completing the
conversation.