MANAGER FIELD
Professional Overview
Service focused and strong knowledge of healthcare management, client services, healthcare systems, management, Social Security, DFCS 
and
various other platforms and services.
Core Qualifications
Microsoft Office Suite ( Excel,Word and Powerpoint)
Knowledgeable in various healthcare information systems to include( Meditech, EMR, Mckesson/Stars, Artiva ,Onbase and Host).
Licensed Navigator # 2984352
Affordable Care Act Certified
Knowledeable in CPT Coding
Knowledgeable in ICD-10
Education
B.S
 
: 
Sociology
 
, 
June 1995
 
Albany State College
 
Sociology
Experience
Manager Field
 
January 2014
 
to 
January 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for providing high quality client focused service and leadership direction 
to internal and external operations.
Provided smooth and efficient operations of all facets of the hospital-patient-Change Healthcare partnership.
In accordance with established policy and Federal/State rules and regulations.
Supervised 6 employees and provided comprehensive and detailed training needed to complete assignments.
Served as Quality Assurance Specialist to ensure that each application completed was correct.
Completed yearly performance Evaluations, monitored leave and punctuality for 
employees.
Met all yearly goals at 95% for district and exceeded in some areas by 3%.
Trustworthy and committed to superior customer service.
Confident in interactions with individuals at all levels.
Assisted with billed accounts and approval rate for revenue.
Healthcare Representative
 
January 2002
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Interviewed clients in a hospital setting/or home visits to assist with obtaining maximum coverage for Federal( SSI/ SSA Disability) and State
Medicaid benefits.
Traveled to several different hospitals throughout district in order to meet client needs.
Acted as an Advocate for patients and families in the capacity to Federal and State agency.
Worked effectively with all hospital staff 
to give exemplified customer service.
Adhered to company and legal standards regarding Protected Health Insurance(PHI), Personal Identifiable Information(PII) and Health
Insurance Portability Accountability Act (HIPPA).
Maintained and documented status of applications and clients via hospital system and Change Healthcare.
Met goals as assigned by Change Healthcare yearly.
Case Manager
 
January 1996
 
to 
January 2002
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Under general supervision provided the following: Determined eligibility and manageed 
on-going cases, intakes or renewals for eligibility
programs.
Processed applications and/or reviews using appropriate criteria and policies consistently and according to established guidelines.
Recorded and evaluated personal and financial data obtained from individuals.
Keyed in a high volume of data using standard office hardware and software.
Performed other professional responsibilities as assigned by supervisor.
Exceeded/ Met all performance goals monthly as well as yearly.
Skills
agency, benefits, hardware, CPT Coding, client, clients, customer service, direction, financial, ICD-10, information systems, Insurance, leadership,
legal, Meditech, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, office, Powerpoint, Word, Navigator, policies, quality, Quality Assurance, SSI, supervisor,
supervision