SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
Summary
A highly competent, motivated, reliable and result-driven Accountant with extensive experience supporting the finance needs of the organization. A
self-starter and team player with excellent organizational and computer skills. Proven ability to take on extra responsibilities and manage multiple
projects simultaneously while working under stringent deadlines and maintaining high degree of confidentiality.
Highlights
MS Excel, Word (60 WPM), Outlook, Intacct, Professional Accounting System, SAGE 100 Fund Accounting, and BOA CashPro, ADP,
BenefitMall Payroll, Fidelity, Choice Strategies
Experience
Senior Accountant
 
May 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Financial Reporting and daily operations: Oversee cash management - daily.
Manage financial closings - monthly.
Manage general ledger - monthly.
Review and prepare various account reconciliations - monthly.
Prepare standard & custom internal financial reports in excel - monthly.
Prepare bank borrowing base reports - monthly & quarterly.
Prepare functional & managerial expense analysis - annually.
Prepare annual surplus earnings analysis -annually.
Prepare financial budget - annually.
Renew listed insurance policies annually: Commercial package policy - annually.
Pawnbroker's liability insurance - annually.
Fiduciary liability Policy - annually.
Directors and officers liability policies (1) Primary & (1)Excess - annually.
Workers compensation policy - annually.
Commercial Crime Policy - annually.
Auction Sale - 3 times per annum: Download auction sale data.
Use system auction sales data to verify system calculation accuracy.
Prepare auction sale cost analysis.
Prepare auction sale summary analysis.
Prepare auction sale journal, finalize auction sale.
Government Reporting: Form 990 - provide outside accountants with all supporting schedules and reports, return 
prepared and filed by
outside accountants - annually.
Form 5500-DB plan - provide actuaries with census information and annual plan information, prepared and filed by actuary, signed by
administrator - annually.
Form 5500-DC plan - provide fidelity with answers to questionnaire, confirm contribution information, upload specified data to Fidelity
system, prepared by Fidelity, filed by Provident Loan Society, signed by administrator - annually.
Dept.
of Labor - review wage report - prepared/filed by provident - quarterly.
Payroll Tax returns - review - prepared and filed by payroll service - quarterly.
Annual Financial Audit: Substantiate all material account balances - annually.
Provide internal control structure information - annually.
Prepare disclosure reports with CPA guidance - annually.
Purchasing: Review and approve all purchase invoicing - daily.
Code all invoices to the appropriate g/l account - daily.
Review purchases - monthly.
Finance and accounting: Calculate outstanding interest and fees - monthly.
Review 12 standard journal entries - monthly.
Review quarterly tax filings - 940futa, 941 fed tax return, MTA-305, NYS45.
Prepare and file NYS Dept.
of Labor Report Wage report - quarterly Update and maintain financial performance metrics - monthly.
Maintaining & Updating 1099 vendors.
Manage monthly financial closings and adjustments.
Manage and maintain employee benefits (401k, Life & Dental Insurance, FSA, TransitChek, and GTLI).
Prepare and process bi-weekly payroll.
Review and journalize American Express expenses.
Journalize and upload to accounting system payroll allocation, employee benefit allocation.
Implement and review accounting process as needed.
Finance Associate
 
August 2011
 
to 
May 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Oversight and maintaining of AP/AR vendors, payment, processing orders, invoices, bank wires, and deposits.
Cash management including wire transfers, record charges, and adjustments.Perform monthly bank reconciliation, account reconciliation between the general ledger and subsidiary ledger to ensure the timely and
accurate financial statements are generated.
Prepare supporting documentation and post journal entries to computerized accounting Software.
Managed domestic and international budgets, including budget modifications and closeouts.
Identify, and assist in the implementation of, process improvements in order to shorten the monthly close process.
Processes and maintain organizations payroll using ADP.
Maintained and processed International payroll, working with in-country payroll vendors.
Worked independent while communicating and coordinating with other employees and external clients to facilitate workflow that pertains to
the financial deliverables of the organization.
Assist with special projects.
October 2010
 
to 
June 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Reconcile and analyze over 75 POS terminals, and audited receipts for compliance of SOX Procedures.
Exemplary post sale communication with different departments.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Economics
 
City College of New York
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.2 Honors Cum Laude
 
Economics GPA: 3.2 Honors Cum Laude
Languages
Fluent in Spanish