CERTIFIED NURSING ASSISTANT
Summary
Experienced Administrative Assistant III offering 21 years of experience in medical business office operations. Proactive leader with strengths in
communication leveraging office professionalism, phone etiquette, proof-reads and audits case reports, oversees daily spreadsheets and providing
consultation and organization ofdaily workflow. Dedicated in high-volume office environment that focus on delivering exceptional clerical and
operational support for medical and hospital staff professionals.
Abilities to cultivate positive rapport among clients, staff, and management. Meticulous with demonstrated success in process improvements and
procedural adherence in prioritizing workflow to achieve daily work objectives. A tech-savvy individual with in-depth knowledge of Cerner and
Microsoft office software programs.
Well-versed in managing office supplies, equipment, inventory, paperwork and project needs.
Experience
Company Name
 
- 
Certified Nursing Assistant
 
City
 
, 
State
 
01/1999
 
- 
03/1999
Fostered relationships with patients, caregivers and healthcare teams to achieve individual care plan targets.
Conducted routine checks on standard patient vitals, including blood pressure, blood sugar and heart rate.
Assisted patients with shaving, bathing and oral hygiene to promote healthy habits and overall wellness.
Documented patient intake and dietary requirements and assisted with feeding.
Company Name
 
- 
Certified Nursing Assistant
 
City
 
, 
State
 
04/1999
 
- 
04/2000
Responded to patient alarms and needs-assessment requests to identify course of treatment.
Collaborated with interdisciplinary healthcare teams to provide high-quality patient care.
Provided hands-on nursing care under direct RN supervision, adhering to medical center policies and procedures.
Consulted with nurses to develop patient care plans and evaluate treatment options.
Managed and maintained patient rooms, shared-living areas and nursing stations.
Provided nursing assistance to residents in 24 bed medical-surgical and orthopedic floor in hospital facility.
Collected specimens, monitored vitals and maximized patient comfort.
Documented information in patient charts and communicated to RN and nurse manager.
Used mobility devices to carefully transport patients.
Provided personal nursing assistance in pre- and post-operative situations.
Volunteered to work additional shifts and overtime during busy periods to maintain proper staffing and floor coverage.
Maintained accurate, timely flow of information by completing thorough patient records and updating healthcare team on patient status.
Translated medical jargon and short-hand data into correct terminology.
Transcribed and edited reports from physicians.
Maintained and updated patient census
Maximized office efficiency by answering incoming calls per day to provide floor information and transfer calls to desired personal.
Managed unit front desk activities, including customer service and office administration.
Company Name
 
- 
Healthcare Unit Coordinator 
City
 
, 
State
 
02/2001
 
- 
08/2007
Maintained and updated patient census, greeted patients and patients family through telephone courtesy calls and check-ins.
Answered multiple phone calls daily in a timely manner.
Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
Assisted patient to room with instructions.
Provided excellent service and attention to team members and patient's when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
Managed department by compiling paperwork the next day is ready for the staff and patients.
Recognized by management for providing exceptional customer service.
Collaborated with others to discuss new job opportunities.
Improved patient satisfaction by finding creative solutions to problems.
Company Name
 
- 
Cardiac Cath Lab Administrative Assistant II
 
City
 
, 
State
 
08/2007
 
- 
Current
Reports to Cath Lab Director and Manager. Provides a full range of clerical and specialized administrative functions.
Supporting leadership development activities and events. Screens and routes calls to appropriate individual in a courteous and efficient
manner.
Learned efficentially and anticipation to support office needs..
Maintained, managed and updated daily schedule, spreadsheets and confidential reports through Excel, Word, eProcurement, I-Centra,
Perioperative tracking Board, Schappbook, Power Chart and Lumdex.
Delivered and scheduled patient information and oversee operational workday flow to physicians, nurses, technicians and management.
Develop strategic daily workflow solutions with leadership and a sensible knowledge of the practices and procedures of the daily functions.
Proof-reads and completes documents, checking for accuracy.
Coordinates collection and preparation of operating reports
Improved operations by working with team members and leaders to find workable solutions.Collaborated with others to discuss new operational opportunities.
Maintains and updates department resources and tools such as waterfall call lists, referral lists, phone lists, organizational charts, or other
department information.
Attended departmental meetings, providing feedback to enhance future performance. Makes interpretations and recommendations. May
develop appropriate methods to handle information.
Track, create and files purchase orders and expense reports.
Orders, stocks, monitors, and maintains adequate office and other supply inventory levels
Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.
Provided excellent customer service and attention to team members, patient's and patient's family members when face-to-face or through
phone conversations.
Guided department by compiling paperwork electronically and taking detailed meeting minutes.
Utilized Microsoft Teams to compile data gathered from various sources.
Contact with firms, organizations, or individuals from outside the company, and globally.
Collaborated in development of electronically procedure reports.
Skills
Strong interpersonal skills
Calm and level-headed under duress
Patient relations
Telephone etiquette
Customer Service
Phone call answering
Administrative operations
Appointment scheduling
Medical terminology knowledge
Understands medical procedures
Documentation procedures expert
Quality assurance controls
Directing patients and visitors
Technologically savvy
Recordkeeping and bookkeeping
Transmitting and Transporting files
Excel spreadsheets
Meeting planning
Managing office supplies
Records management systems
Sensitive material handling
Report analysis
Data entry documentation
Microsoft Office
Deadline-oriented
Report development
Resolving discrepancies
Prioritizing important tasks
Professional and polished presentation
Documentation and reporting
Time management
Office equipment maintenance
Education and Training
GED
 
Unitah High School
 
City
 
05/1998
Certified Nursing Assistant Certificate
 
: 
Nursing Practice
 
Utah State University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
05/1999
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Business Healthcare Administration
 
Utah State University
 
City
 
Expected in 
05/2024