HR COORDINATOR
Summary
Highly accomplish human resource professional, proficient at developing policy, standard operating procedures, and best practices. Proven
expertise in recruiting, training, employee development, retention, performance management, and conflict resolution. Adept at managing multiple
projects simultaneously while demonstrating high performance standards with astute attention to details and deadlines. Organizing large amounts of
time sensitive information and evaluating priorities. Able to thrive under pressure while maintaining enthusiasm and motivation. Proficient in MS
Word, Kronos, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, HCMS.
Experience
HR Coordinator
 
Apr 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Ensured compliance with Federal, State, Local Laws and ARAMARK Policy
Ensured job postings were posted onsite utilizing an active Job Postings Board and all open positions are posted with the appropriate local
and state agencies.
Assists the District Safety Leader in managing key safety processes including the administration of workers compensation processes and the
safety component of District Manager Monitor.
Processed all new hire paperwork, ensures completion of background checks, true-screen administration, I-9's.
Ensured Wage & Hour compliance, training, and oversight to include applicant tally and postings.
Ensured job offers are made utilizing appropriate processes.
Conduct legally sound investigations and mediate disputes/issues between managers and employees to bring to resolution
Ensured organizational structure, wages, and position classification/job descriptions are aligned with business necessity in order to meet
strategic initiatives, development and use of effective and efficient talent selection processes.
Ensures managerial coaching/counseling related to the administration of ARAMARK policy and procedure.
Ensured Affirmative Action Planning and Compliance
Actively executes recruiting and staffing strategy at the unit level to meet staffing needs.
Train managers in areas such as interviewing, hiring, terminations, promotions, and sexual harassment ensuring a positive and progressive
work environment Ensured proper administration progressive disciplinary policy.
Ensured the development and implementation of Employee Engagement and Retention Strategies.
Updated employees manual covering disciplinary procedures, codes of conduct and FMLA policy.
Ensures utilization of Performance Improvement Plans as needed.
Ensured Encore Encore recognition program was implemented, appreciation for our employees, clients, and consumers.
Administered Two Union Contracts within 6 partner companies.
Established a relationship with staff members, interact with union representatives and management.
Handled proper grievance procedures assistance; solve labor disputes within two union environments.
Controlled the placement of 825 employees and schedules
Manage all payroll functions, including bi-weekly payroll administration, submitting bonuses
Verified the salaries, wages and compensation of employees, managed all PTO/VAC accrual
Review & Handle Unemployment Claims
Owner/Operator
 
Jan 2009
 
to 
Jan 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Efficiently manage administrative/financial/accounting functions, purchasing, inventory control, and product service supplier relations
Effectively interview, hire, train, schedule, direct, and evaluate team members, with a strong focus on the conveyance of quality customer
service
Apply superior communication skills toward diplomatically addressing, troubleshooting and resolving
customer issues
Started not-for-profit Animal Rescue Organization where I maintained all functions of the Animal Shelter office, including but not limited to,
assisting the public with animal intake, adoptions, redemptions, and animal licenses.
Office Manager
 
Jan 2003
 
to 
Jan 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Established rental rate by surveying local rental rates; calculating overhead costs, depreciation, taxes, and profit goals.
Attracted tenants by advertising vacancies; obtaining referrals from current tenants; explaining advantages of location and services; showing
units.
Accomplished financial objectives by collecting rents; paying bills; forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling
expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action.
Achieved financial solvency through cost reduction and implementing systems to achieve 0% rent delinquency
Maintain building systems by contracting for maintenance services; supervising repairs.
Created positive, welcoming, supportive environment for residents, visitors, and property associates
Filed court documents for eviction and attends scheduled court hearings as Landlord's representative
Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends.
Updated job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks;
participating in professional organizations.
Accomplished organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add valueto job accomplishments.
Interviewed, hire, train, schedule, direct, and evaluate contractors, with a strong focus on the delivery of quality customer service for the
company and the tenants.
Education
Associates
 
, 
Business Management
 
Robert Morris College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Associates in Business Management, Robert Morris College, Chicago, Il
References are available on request
 
2013
Certifications
ServSafe Food Protection Manager Certification 2013
City of Chicago Department Of Health, CertifiedÂ Food Service Manger 2013
Professional in Human Resources, Certification, Pending
Affiliations
Member of SHRM
Skills
Customer Service, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Advertising, Budget, Corrective Action, Cost Reduction, Forecasting, Maintenance, Office
Manager, Paying, Scheduling, Surveying, Accounting, Administrative/financial, Buying/procurement, Financial/accounting, Inventory, Inventory
Control, Purchasing, Affirmative Action, Bi, Business Intelligence, Claims, Clients, Coaching, Compensation, Contracts, Disciplinary Procedures,
Employee Engagement, Fmla, Hr, Interviewing, Managerial, New Hire Paperwork, Payroll, Pto, Recruiting, Staffing, Talent Selection, Tally,
Terminations, Training, Workers Compensation, Best Practices, Excel, Excellent Multitasker, Kronos, Ms Word, Outlook, Performance
Management, Powerpoint, Simultaneously, Word, Food Service, Human Resources, Business Management