UNMANNED AVIATION TECHNICIAN SUPERVISOR
Summary
Solutions-focused, versatile management professional offering a comprehensive background supporting U.S. military operations in roles of
increasing responsibility during a 9 year career in the Marine Cops. 
Effective communicator who quickly masters new roles and technologies to
achieve positive results with minimal resources. To include 6 years in logistics, transportation, and embarking. As well as 3 years with on-job-
training, and certification as Unmanned Aviation Systems Maintenance Controller.
Highlights
Microsoft Office Suit, Microsoft Word, Outlook, Internet, Excel, Publisher
Experience
Unmanned Aviation Technician Supervisor
 
02/2011
 
ï¼​ 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
William Russ, Tel: 760.830.7097, Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40.
Volunteer
 
05/2007
 
ï¼​ 
05/2010
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide emotional assistance to military spouses who lost loved ones during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: Maintain and develop positive business relationships with a customer's key personnel involved in or directly
relevant to a logistics activity.
Develop an understanding of customers' needs and take actions to ensure that such needs are met.
Direct availability and allocation of materials, supplies, and finished products.
Collaborate with other departments as necessary to meet customer requirements, to take advantage of sales opportunities or, in the case of
shortages, to minimize negative impacts on a business.
Protect and control proprietary materials.
Review logistics performance with customers against targets, benchmarks and service agreements.
Develop and implement technical project management tools such as plans, schedules, and responsibility and compliance matrices.
Direct team activities, establishing task priorities, scheduling and tracking work assignments, providing guidance, and ensuring the availability
of resources.
Report project plans, progress, and results.
Direct and support the compilation and analysis of technical source data necessary for product development.
Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerk
 
03/2008
 
ï¼​ 
03/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Supervisor: Robert Jones, Tel: 910.467.4439, Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40.
Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerk Supervisor
 
03/2006
 
ï¼​ 
03/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
Douglas Pippen, Tel: 619.405.6480,Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40 Directly supervise 15+ military personnel.
Evaluate employees' work performance.
Promote team approach.
Share information and search for input from internal and external sources.
Maintain accurate documentation of all employees.
Mentor personnel.
TRAINING: Train and instruct staff on company procedures, updates, and regulations.
Present briefings, training and information sessions to large and small groups.
EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE: Set up and operate ground support and test equipment to perform functional flight tests of electrical and
electronic systems.
Test and troubleshoot instruments, components, and assemblies, using circuit testers, oscilloscopes, or voltmeters.
Keep records of maintenance and repair work.
Adjust, repair, or replace malfunctioning components or assemblies, using hand tools or soldering irons.
Connect components to assemblies such as radio systems, instruments, magnetos, inverters, and in-flight refueling systems, using hand tools
and soldering irons.
Assemble components such as switches, electrical controls, and junction boxes, using hand tools or soldering irons.
Fabricate parts and test aids as required.
COORDINATION / COLLABORATION: Coordinate work with that of engineers, technicians, and other aircraft maintenance personnel.
Interpret flight test data to diagnose malfunctions and systemic performance problems.
Install electrical and electronic components, assemblies, and systems in aircraft, using hand tools, power tools, or soldering irons.
Coordinated the logistics with Battalions that were supporting operations overseas, training missions, and maintained a strict flight schedule.
Developed new plans at a fast paced when any changes occurred due to flight schedule delays, or weather issues.
Conducted baggage inspections, vehicle transportation of passengers/cargo safety onto the flight line, assessed all Hazmat spills in
accordance with our Hazmat Manual, maintained control of over 600+ Marines/DoD components, assembled safety briefs to over 5,000+
Marines, and DoD components.
Executed the upload/download on multiple military cargo planes in a fast paced environment efficiently and an all-weather environment, on
military cargo planes and commercial aircraft by establishing communication with the load planner/pilot and assisting in any request that were
needed to make the mission operational.Safely planned the transportation of all passengers/cargo by being familiar with: key personnel, load plans, cargo manifest, flight line safety,
and passenger manifest.
Screened classified and unclassified cargo for correct classification/labeling that will meet military air standards for travel.
Organized labor for loading/unloading all cargo by calculating personnel needed for different missions to keep the safety of 50+ workers a
priority on the flight line.
Engineered passengers manifest with the Global Air Transportation Execution System (GATES).
Projected purchase/procurement methods to meet military budget to purchase supplies needed for the traveling DoD personnel.
Education
6 2004
 
Diploma
 
:
 
AAS, National University Thomas Jefferson High School
 
City
 
, 
State
1 2006
 
Unmanned Aviation System Safe For Flight. Twenty-Nine Palms, Ca; 2014 Unmanned Aviation System Technician, Ft. Huachuca, AZ;
2012 Six Sigma, Yellow Belt Ca; 2013 Basic Machine Gun Trainer; Camp Lejeune, NC; 2011 Hazardous Material Handling, Lackland AFB,
TX; 2010 Military Standard Transportation and Movements Procedures Ft.Eustis, VA;2009 Distribution Management Specialist 
:
 
State
Languages
Intermediate in Spanish
Skills
approach, Basic, budget, Ca, product development, documentation, fast, functional, hand tools, logistics, materials, Mentor, Excel, Microsoft
Office, Outlook, Publisher, Microsoft Word, oscilloscopes, personnel, power tools, procurement, progress, project plans, radio, safety, sales,
scheduling, Six Sigma, soldering, Spanish, Supervisor, switches, technical project management, Technician, test equipment, Trainer,
Transportation, troubleshoot