HR MANAGER
Summary
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER Extensive background in administrative duties, including experience in implementing staff development and
training, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation training, HR records management, HR policies development and legal
compliance. *Demonstrated success in, developing teambuilding programs, and writing personnel manuals, coordinating special programs, job
descriptions and online State Mandated Training.
Highlights
University Events/Special Programs
Prepare Agendas
FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC
Mediation & Advocacy
HRIS Technologies TESOL Teacher for University staff
Employee Relations
Web Design using RedDot and Sharepoint
HR Program/Project Management
Microsoft Office Suites Orientation & On-Boarding
Training & Development
Performance Management
Organizational Development
HR Policies & Procedures
Publisher/InDesign/Quark
Accomplishments
Enjoy 5k Runs/Walks OF NOTE Professional Development: Complete ongoing training in the areas of compensation and benefits,
employee and labor relations, leaves of absence, customer service, supervisory training, and workplace safety/security.
Created publications and advertisements for TWU and THEHRA conferences.
Invited as guest speaker for Staff Development Days on the TWU Houston campus and several affiliated conferences.
Developed online State Mandated Training for TWU employees.
Experience
HR Manager
 
01/2007
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Perform professional administrative work involving the development, administration, and coordination of a comprehensive series of training
and development opportunities for University staff and faculty.
Work is performed with considerable independent judgment and wide latitude under the limited supervision of the Director of Human
Resources Professional Services.
Key Results: Perform professional administrative work involving the development, administration, and coordination of a comprehensive
series of training and development opportunities for University staff and faculty.
Implementation of TESOL program (Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages).
Conduct exit interviews with staff employees and develops procedures for resolving problems discovered through exit interviews.
Responsible for implementation, maintenance and training for the Staff Performance Evaluation System.
Coordinate Service Awards, Staff Awards and Retirement Recognition programs.
Responsible for the coordination of New Employee Orientation.
Maintain the calendar plan for scheduling special events, training schedules and New Employee Orientation schedules.
Web spinner for Human Resources & Newsletters using RedDot and Sharepoint.
Responsible for establishing job standards for subordinate staff and effectively evaluation staff under charge.
Manage and prioritize additional tasks that have been assigned by Associate Vice President.
HR Representative III
 
01/2001
 
to 
01/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Promoted to fulfill a broad range of HR functions, including training employees on newly implemented PeopleSoft Time and Labor module,
administering their FMLA program, and managing HR records.
Key Results: Trained over 250 time keepers on time keeping techniques and best practices, conducting workshops and one-on-one
coaching sessions that contributed to a successful implementation of PeopleSoft.
Leadership Development Training for faculty and staff.
Translated and facilitated training in Spanish.
Designed and refined course material to the needs of specific departments Assisted in coordination of special programs/events.
Restaurant Manager & Trainer
 
01/1993
 
to 
01/2001
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for the overall business performance of managing the restaurant and training all new employees.
Key Results: Encouraged guest's satisfaction.Special Events Responsible for hiring and training wait staff, bar staff and kitchen staff.
Translated and facilitated training in Spanish.
Designed and refined training material to the needs of specific areas.
Assisted in maintaining the quality and standard of food, health, service and safety.
Education
Bachelor of Science (BS)
 
: 
Sociology
 
1999
 
TEXAS WOMAN'S UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sociology
Affiliations
Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) North Texas Society for Human Resource Management (NTSHRM) Texas Higher
Education in Human Resources Association (THEHRA) International TEFL and TESOL Training membership (ittt) Denton High School Girls
Softball Association
Skills
ADA, ADMINISTRATIVE SKILLS, administrative, coaching, Employee Relations, training employees, English, Special Events, hiring, HRIS,
Human Resources, HR, InDesign, Leadership Development, Director, managing, Mediation, Microsoft Office Suites, Publisher, Sharepoint,
Newsletters, Organizational Development, PeopleSoft, Performance Management, Policies, Project Management, quality, Quark, managing the
restaurant, safety, scheduling, Spanish, supervision, Teacher, Teaching, training material, Web Design, workshops