CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Career Focus
Creative Director, Graphic Artist, Studio Artist, Data Analyst, Sales and Marketing Representative - I have extensive experience with creating and
directing page layout and collateral design. I am a self-motivated, detail-oriented designer and problem solver. I can conceptualize and execute
visuals in a fast-paced environment, while maintaining accuracy and quality of the finished product. I often implement some of my skills as a
professional Fine artist and Illustration artist to add a unique spin to many projects when the objective merits it. Clean, contemporary layouts with
logical use of typography are my style.
Summary of Skills
Adobe CS: Acrobat, InDesign, Illustrator & Photoshop; Dreamweaver
Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, Access & PowerPoint;
MySQL, Citrix, Retrieve, HTML, Dynamic HTML
Photography, Illustration, oil and acrylic 
painting, drawing & mural work, tile working
Furniture restoration and re-invention
Basic knowledge of JavaScript and Eclipse
Accomplishments
Product Roll-Out
 Â 
Responsible for marketing for product launch including public relations, direct mail pieces, trade shows, sales training and e-mail campaign.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
January 2002
 
to 
January 2015
 
Creative Director
 
City
 
, 
State
Mentored our restructured Sales and Marketing Department which over saw web site design, web advertising, conference banners and ad
creation for promotional marketing and catalog layouts.
Responsible for: new logo creation and branding of new products, motivating and problem solving.
I have also taken on the role of Data Analyst over the past 7 years - I pull data from various sources including, but not limited to: Citrix,
Retrieve, ftp sources, various client websites, IRI, and directly from the clients themselves with increases in return time to our clients by over
60%.
Managed and met aggressive personal and team deadlines, handled changing priorities, while adhering to strategy, accuracy and time lines.
CLIENTS: Elizabeth Arden, Reckitt Benckiser, PepsiCo, Kraft, Maple Flooring, Acosta, Green Mountain Coffee, SC Johnson Helped to
design and develop our latest version of NetBench, Ironbridge's robust data warehousing software.
Rebranded and developed identity for all of our existing and new products this past year.
Took on responsibilities over the past 5 years within our Sales and Marketing Department as a Sales Representative for various conferences
and business trips to target current and potential clients in introducing new and updated products.
As well as being a liaison to our largest client on a weekly basis.
Work closely with marketing staff and clients to ensure that visual content is compelling, effective and on strategy.
Consult with marketing department on promotional and collateral material.
Took designs from concept to completion.
Art directed and designed custom publishing material for print and promotional materials.
Print work featured in CGM - Consumer Goods Magazine as well as other periodicals as they pertained to conferences and events.
Company Name
 
April 1999
 
to 
February 2016
 
Professional Studio Artist/Graphic Artist
 
City
 
, 
State
RESPONSIBILITIES: Create art work for gallery display and sale as well as provide work to various charities, events and silent auctions
(public as well as private).
Teach classes on painting and life drawing.
Worked with furniture for restoration and reinvention.
Produced marketing materials and studio announcements for various groups and individuals.
CLIENTS: 
Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, Susan G Komen Foundation, CAR, Slant, Douglas Frohman, Cornelia Arts Building, Girls
Rock! Chicago, Cancer Research and Charity funding Chicago, Delaware Street Capital, Southern Wine and Spirits.
Company Name
 
August 2000
 
to 
October 2002
 
Art Director/Graphic Designer
 
City
 
, 
State
Work directly with clients to provide images used for instructional booklets and large volume catalogs, as well as producing warning labels
for various products with tight deadlines and strict accuracy.
I created original product packaging and branding for our largest clients.
CLIENTS: Elkay Manufacturing, Spitfire Spark Plugs, NAF Graphic Arts Firm, Inverness Golf Club, Ironbridge Software Art directed and
designed catalog layouts.
Heavy image manipulation for various clients products and equipment photo shoots Created line art for all instructions manuals for our
clients Produced and designed original packaging for clients products Branded many products and concepts for clients as well as in houseDesigned and produced News Letter for LCH 
- The Lake County Haven with support of Master Arts, Inc.
Created all sales and Marketing materials for Master Arts, Inc.
Worked directly with proofing department to create effect layouts for numerous instruction manuals brochures and catalogs.
Website layout and design.
Company Name
 
December 1994
 
to 
July 1998
 
Medical Billing for Radiology Department
 
City
 
, 
State
Working with medical records as well as insurance company information to locate patient information for updating medical records as well
as updating contact information for patients.
I ran all the documentation and brought all records up to speed for the whole department.
I worked independently the majority of the time while referring to pertinent medical staff and historical data at various intervals.
Worked with proprietary medical record software to update patient information Blended data from various insurance providers to add to
the hospitals billing systems Learned and used medical shorthand coding to update and override incorrect information in the hospital's
proprietary system Increased current and updated insurance and billable data over 30% in the first year and 22% over that the following
years as a medical biller.
Education
Drake University
 
June 2000
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Art, Painting, Graphic Design
 
City
 
, 
State
Studied to earn a double major with an emphasis in painting and the study of art history while also pursuing a minor degree in graphic design. I
went on to receive additional training as a teacher for adults who want to engage in the fine arts as a second career while mentoring several young
students to further their art education over the course of the past 6 years.
College of DuPage
 
1998
 
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Painting and Graphic Design
 
City
 
, 
State
Painting with a minor in Graphic Design.
Professional Affiliations
I have worked with many non for profit organizations over the years as well as many charities to which I have provided art work.
Skills
Painting with acrylic and oils, the creative suite Adobe CS, Dreamweaver, photo, Photoshop, ad, advertising, Arts, Art, banners, Basic, billing
systems, branding, brochures, Cancer, catalogs, catalog, Citrix, concept, conferences, content, SC, creativity, CLIENTS, client, Data Analyst,
data warehousing, documentation, Dynamic HTML, Eclipse, ftp, Graphic Arts, drawing, HTML, Illustration, Illustrator, image, InDesign,
instruction, insurance, JavaScript, layout and design, logo creation, Maple, marketing, Marketing materials, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office,
PowerPoint, Word, MySQL, oil, packaging, painting, Photography, problem solving, producing, coding, promotional materials, proofing,
Research, Sales, shorthand, strategy, Team Player, web site design, Website, websites