SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER
Summary
Operations Manager FIU College of Business MBA Programs
Experience
November 2013
 
to 
July 2014
 
Supply Chain Manager
 
City
Achieved corporate goals through the development and execution of strategy, policy, and leadership.
Primarily, but not limited to activities relating to master planning, tactical purchasing, receiving, warehousing, and shipping, and general
materials Management.
Created and implemented Supply Chain Operational Excellence plan and Business Process Improvement plan to increase inventory turns
(from 4 average turns per year to 7 average annual turns per year) within a high mix, low volume global business environment.
Controlled inventory assets to include expendable aircraft parts, Rotable and exchange pool assets, chemicals, miscellaneous shop supplies
and consumable items valued at 6.8 million dollars.
Achieved and maintained 
KPI's related to inventory turns, purchase price variances, material availability, on-time delivery, past due backlog,
customer lead time, and overtime premium expenses.
Through both strategic initiatives and tactical response, ensured material availability for fulfilling customer orders on time, meeting target
customer lead times, and fulfilling revenue commitments.
Responsible for weekly cycle count program and annual physical inventory processes.
Maintained a key role in the execution of monthly Sales, Inventory, and Operations (SIOP) goals.
Implemented lean principles, change management process, and best practices, for all purchasing/procurement, material handling/storage, and
logistics activities.
Developed direct reports to support departmental and organizational continuous improvement goals.
Created and managed departmental expense budgets.
Negotiated and executed supplier agreements/contracts by working with cross-functional stakeholders and suppliers to reach agreement on
contract terms and conditions.
Worked closely with department heads from Quality, and Engineering on driving cost reduction programs through the organization.
Established VMI, Kanban, and Consignment as strategies to reduce total cost.
Engaged actively in supplier performance management, measurement and KPI maintenance driving a culture of continuous improvement
within our supply base.
Performed and analyzed history and supply/demand trends in order to strategically forecast future needs and maintain acceptable inventory
levels.
Company Name
 
November 2010
 
to 
October 2013
 
Materials Manager
 
Responsible for sourcing and procuring all material required for repair and overhaul of jet engine and components as well as all contracts for
outside services and long term agreements with suppliers.
Controlled $1.5 million in component parts inventory while maintaining 12 inventory turns annually.
Directed all purchasing activities and decisions (estimated annual volume $2 million).
Succeeded in cost reduction in procurement of all supplies, materials and services required to repair and overhaul jet engine components.
Oversaw inventory management; developed and implemented process improvemt tactics to streamline the inventory control, forecasting and
purchasing activities resulting in significant reduction in stock out situations and improvent in vendor relationships.
Managed Rotable assets to include managing inventory levels of repairable and overhauled parts.
Conducted exchanges, including coordinating shipment of Rotable asset to customers, and ensure approved core return meets company
guidelines.
Prepared, solicit, and evaluate competitive bids on outside vendor repairs for rotable parts.
Manage rotables repair program, including evaluating repair shop capabilities and quality or work performed, negotiating repair agreements,
terms, pricing and turnaround times.
Directed and coordinated all functional personnel to continually achieve a high degree of professional performance.
Spear headed the transition and implementation of Quantum (Component Control Software), to include all processes from operations
management to all inventory manage modules seamlessly.
Conducted meetings and presentations with executives and other managers as well as employee groups of over one hundred participants.
Company Name
 
November 2006
 
to 
November 2010
 
Contracts Supervisor
 
Interacted with Department heads to ensure the highest quality proposal was provided by meeting the customers' requirements for Value
Added Services Programs, valued at $1.5 Billion.
Reviewed terms and conditions to ensure requirements are in line with B/E policies as well as regulations such as DFAR, ITAR, and
Proprietary parts licensing.
Directed the activities and balance the workload of employees to ensure timely delivery of the most competitive prices, resulting in $151 M.
of awarded contracts.
Initiated a departmental wide interest for the customer and their needs, by guiding employees on how to research 
the customer, what they
do and how we can better support their contract.
Negotiated pricing, delivery and other cost savings with vendors to ensure maximum profit margins were achieved with each contract.
Company Name
 
September 1996
 
to 
December 2001
 
City
 
, 
StatePurchasing and Procurement of military and civilian equipment.
Reviewed the accuracy of purchase orders to ensure appropriate use of government funds.
Maintained inventory control through quarterly cycle counts.
Maintained effective working relationship and close coordination with other defense agencies and suppliers.
Education
University of Phoenix 
Graduate School of Business
 
2010
 
State
University of Maryland
 
2006
 
B.S
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Business Administration
2012
 
Lean Six Sigma Certification
Languages
Fluent in Spanish
Skills
streamline, balance, budgets, Business Process Improvement, change management, competitive, continuous improvement, contracts, cost
reduction, delivery, driving, forecasting, functional, funds, government, inventory management, managing inventory levels, Inventory, inventory
levels, inventory control, leadership, logistics, materials Management, materials, meetings, exchange, negotiating, operations management,
organizational, performance management, personnel, policies, presentations, pricing, processes, Procurement, profit, proposal, Purchasing,
Quality, receiving, repairs, research, Sales, shipping, Six Sigma, Fluent in Spanish, strategy, strategic, Supply Chain, warehousing