ASSISTANT OPERATIONS MANAGER
Summary
Experienced professional with a successful career in banking. Organized, highly motivated, and detail-directed problem solver. Possess excellent
interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills. Excels within highly competitive fast paced environments where leadership skills are the keys to
success. An effective manager with the skills necessary to direct, train, and motivate staff to its fullest potential. Self-starter and tasks oriented and
ability to manage multiple-tasks Excellent written and verbal communication skills and proficient in excel, word, outlook, and access.
Experience
04/2013
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Treasury Management Liaison 
Act as liaison between customer and Treasury Management Sales Consultant.
Prepare Treasury Management Work Orders using the Treasury Management Implementation Automation system (TMIA) and Technical
Assistance Requests.
Monitor and track implementation to avoid stalled or inactive implementations.
Assist the Treasury Management Consultant with gathering additional details for the setup and maintenance of Treasury Management
products, including but not limited to internal and external customer contact.
Prepare and review Treasury Management agreements.
Under Treasury Management Consultant direction: prepare, distribute, and collect customer legal agreements for clients' signatures.
Validate Treasury Management agreements for accuracy to include signature verification, and submit to Treasury Management Agreement
Housing (TMAH) for processing Coordinate and submit exception pricing requests for Business Banking.
Ability to work with a high level of independence, under general supervision.
Ability to independently research and resolve issues regarding implementation, escalate issues as appropriate.
Keep abreast of product lines, internal policies and procedures, and external regulations that may impact assigned area.
Citibank, Account Reconciliation Processing 
Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.
07/2002
 
to 
06/2011
Assistant Operations Manager
Oversee daily operations of the department of 15 staff members.
Team leader for testing new software for startup of new department with regards to client implementation which resulted in a seamless
transition to software upgrade.
Escalated and resolved customers issues and complaints on operational matters Assisted the manager in recruiting diligent professionals
dedicated to high values of service and performance.
Designed and coordinated in developing proper training programs for the employees of the organization for enhancing their efficiency.
Handled all queries and client feedback in a professional manner.
Supported manager in performing management functions such as staffing, training and expanding business plans.
Oversee reconcilements are done on a timely and accurately basis.
Work with Implementation Managers and Relationship Managers on account setups.
Assist with testing of new products.
Liaison between clients, IT, client service, and customer service.
06/2001
 
to 
06/2002
Item Fraud Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervise 10 staff members.
Conduct transaction activity reviews and client relationships to determine financial risk to the organization.
Review and research all items referred.
Contact clients to determine validity of check/item presented if deemed suspect.
Identify unusual transaction behavior patterns on clients' accounts.
Access and utilize all system available, SignPlus, NCIS and Check Vision, CUSTOM, FileNet, to locate 
Information needed in order to
complete a thorough analysis of suspect items.
Inform client and Financial Center of fraudulent activity incorrect.
Advise and direct Financial Center associates of action to be taken on client's account when fraud has been detected.
Proven record of saving a client a substantial amount of money by identifying and alerting upper management and Fraud Department of
fraudulent activities in their account.
Prepare and submit daily MIS for 10 staff.
05/2000
 
to 
06/2001
Bank Teller
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Accept cash and checks for deposit and check accuracy of deposit slip.
Process cash withdrawals.
Perform specialized tasks such as preparing cashier's checks, personal money orders, issuing traveler's 
checks and exchanging foreign
currency.
Perform services for customers such as ordering bank cards and checks.
Receive and verify loan payments, mortgage payments and credit card payments.Record all transactions promptly, accurately and in compliance with bank procedures.
Balance currency, cash and checks in cash drawer at end of each shift.
Answer inquiries regarding checking and savings accounts and other bank related products.
Attempt to resolve issues and problems with customer's accounts.
Initiate and open new accounts.
Explain, advise on and promote bank products and services to customers.
Cross-sell banking services and products to customers.
Education
5/2000
Bachelor of Science
 
Montclair State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
Account Reconciliation, Automation, Balance, banking, business plans, cashier, Consultant, credit, client, clients, customer service, direction,
FileNet, Financial, Team leader, legal, Management Consultant, Access, money, MIS, NCIS, policies, pricing, recruiting, research, Sales, staffing,
supervision, Technical Assistance, training programs, Treasury, upgrade, Vision