CORPORATE ADMINISTRATOR
Summary
Successful administrative professional with 15 years of experience.
Skills
Organized
Detail oriented
Efficient
Prioritize multiple deadlines
Work well independently
Collaborate with others
Software
Microsoft Word
Excel
PowerPoint
Outlook
Adobe Acrobat
Multiple project software websites
General Clerical
Type 75 WPM
Multiline phones
Experience
Corporate Administrator
 
January 2009
 
to 
January 2017
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Light accounting/bookkeeping Travel arrangements Meeting agendas and minutes Editing/Proofreading Meticulously proofread Ensure
consistency in content 
Structure Revise for clarity Review style format Bidding Administration Prepare "front-end docs" Familiar with
various loaning agency requirements Know and able to carry out bid process from start to finish Construction Administration Assist
approximately 15 engineers in our water/wastewater department working on multi-million dollar projects.
Requires great attention to detail while meeting multiple deadlines simultaneously.
Specific duties include:.
Document Processing - Proofread, revise, format, PDF, and produce master plans, planning studies, specifications and plans, technical
memos, letters, meeting minutes, and O&M manuals for municipalities and cities.
Bidding Administration - Distribute plans and specifications, maintain planholders' lists, issue and confirm receipt of addenda, and complete
bid tabulations.
Construction Administration - Prepare contract documents.
Receive and return submittals and RFIs; maintain logs.
Assisted approximately 18 engineers in the water/wastewater department working on multi-million dollar projects.
Required great attention to detail while meeting multiple deadlines simultaneously.
Coordinated with clients, contractors, subconsultants, and internal drafters to help keep projects running smoothly.
Specific duties included: Document Processing - Proofread, edited, formatted, PDF'd, and produced master plans, predesign reports,
specifications, technical memos, letters, meeting minutes, and O&M manuals for municipalities and cities.
Bidding Administration - Handled bidding phase from start to finish.
Submitted public notice to newspaper for publishing; assisted in preparing, then produced and distributed plans and specifications;
maintained planholders' list; prepared, issued, and confirmed receipt of addenda; and completed bid tabulation.
Construction Administration - Prepared and reviewed contract documents.
Received and returned submittals and RFIs; maintained logs.
Before shifting my focus solely on project-related tasks for our water/wastewater department, I previously also provided general support to
our firm.
Additional tasks completed during this time included making travel arrangements; coordinating lunch and learns; and conference and
workshop registration and tracking.
Also responsible for the following tasks: 
Make travel arrangements and assign company vehicles.
Download and log digital photos.
Coordinate lunch and learns.
Register engineers for conferences, workshops, and webinars.
As part of the master specifications/standards committee, create monthly meeting agendas and minutes.
Log, track, and implement master specification change requests.
Answer and route phone calls.
Distribute incoming mail.
Prepare outgoing mail and UPS packages.
Run company errands.
Customer Service Representative
 
January 2006
 
to 
January 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided full account servicing for the Sears Credit Cards Portfolio via incoming calls, including billing and payment inquiries and disputes,Provided full account servicing for the Sears Credit Cards Portfolio via incoming calls, including billing and payment inquiries and disputes,
account maintenance, and lost/stolen cards.
Consistently met and exceeded quality and sales goals.
Administrative Assistant/Bookkeeper 
Addus HealthCare
 
January 2000
 
to 
January 2003
 
City
 
, 
State
Completed monthly billing reports and Branch Manager's Report.
Billed over $500,000 monthly to contracting state agencies and clients.
Reconciled billing, posted payments to clients' accounts, and prepared deposits.
Prepared and approved accounts payable bills.
Created documents, spreadsheets, and monthly newsletters; included developing new spreadsheets for A/R and A/P purposes.
Completed several processes of payroll.
Assisted in planning company functions.
Provided support to the area manager, branch manager, and 12 other branches throughout Washington and Oregon.
Supervised part-time assistant.
Education and Training
Completed 45 credits in various courses including Logic, Ethics, Philosophy of Science, Precalculus, and C Programming.
 
Boise State University
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
High School Diploma
 
Kuna High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Graduated with Highest Honors 3.97 Received Ambassador Award in Business
Professionals of America.
Skills
accounting, accounts payable, Adobe Acrobat, A/P, agency, attention to detail, billing, bookkeeping, C Programming, Clerical, conferences,
content, Prepare contract, Credit, clients, Detail oriented, Editing, focus, letters, Logic, Excel, mail, Outlook, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word,
newsletters, newspaper, payroll, PDF, Philosophy, processes, Proofreading, quality, sales, specification, spreadsheets, phones, phone, Make
travel arrangements, Travel arrangements, making travel arrangements, Type, websites, workshops