DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Professional Profile
Senior Project Management Position Senior Project Manager with over 25 years of diverse experience including health care, private sector, local
and state government and aerospace/defense contracting. Successful management of fast-paced private sector projects as well as large multi-
departmental/multi-agency government projects. Provided mentoring and professional quality training to hundreds of project managers. Proven
competence in leadership, communication, project planning, budgeting, design, change control, execution, implementation and support.
Experience
Director of Information Technology
 
, 
10/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Member of the Health Care Executive team responsible for the delivery of technology to two hospitals, 40 clinics, Public Health, Behavioral
Health, Medical Examiner and the County's Health Insurance plan.
Implemented Service Now, ITIL Active Directory and Office 365 for the agency.
Responsible for the agency's Informatics organization.
Oversaw the outsourcing of the agency's Cerner EHR system, implemented two major Cerner upgrades and developed the technology plan
to implement the agency's new hospital.
Developed and managed the County's Project Leadership Academy.
The Academy trains and mentors project managers from various agencies using PMI /PMP grade training materials and examples.
Senior Project Manager/Architect/Business Analyst
 
, 
04/2001
 
to 
10/2013
 
Company Name
Health Care Agency - Electronic Health Record System Managed the implementation of a $50 million Cerner system across two hospitals,
40 clinics and Public Health in 14 months, The system included 56 solutions including registration, scheduling, patient care, and billing.
It included interfaces to PACS, Pyxis, and other outside entities.
Land Management Providing Project Management Office (PMO) oversight and mentoring to project managers on a major upgrade ($4.5
million) to the County's Land Management and Permitting System.
Includes executive status presentations, multiagency coordination and mentoring/supervision of 2 junior project managers.
Fire Department Enterprise Architecture Initialization, analysis and estimating for a $6 million upgrade of the Fire Department's IT systems
including the development of a data warehouse and executive dashboards.
Property Tax Led a team of analysts to develop a comprehensive requirements document for a replacement property tax system.
This document was then used in a Request For Proposal for the new system.
The system will serve five County organizations consisting of 
approximately 400 employees as well as thousands of taxpayers.
Managed the requirements definition, design, development and implementation of a number of large Law Enforcement / 
Public Safety
systems.
This included an Inmate Management System, Records Management System (RMS), Mobile Field Reporting System, Mobile Computer
Aided Dispatch (CAD) System, Wants/Warrants System and Investigative Case Management System.
Most of these systems share a common data architecture and serve over 900 members of the Sheriff's Department.
Projects were between $500K and $1million in size.
Project teams varied between 5 and 15 people.
County Telecommunications Managed the implementation of a Cisco based data network and VoIP telephone system at all the County's
main campuses.
The scope of the $4 million project included 4000 phones and 180 switches/routers.
Stepped in and managed a Countywide Microwave project that was already underway and in trouble.
This $12 million project used Harris equipment at 18 sites.
Five of these required new construction including towers, generators and shelters.
County IT Services Implemented the Service-Now package for the IT department.
This included implementation of ITIL processes.
Provided several new project management concepts to other county development teams.
Established new tracking and reporting standards.
Mentored other project managers.
Principal Consultant/Senior Project Manager Principal consultant
 
, 
03/1997
 
to 
04/2001
 
Company Name
for the company's CRM practice.
Acted in roles including Project Management, Architect and Lead Designer on the below listed projects.
RR Donnelley - Managed the design and development of a customer B2B portal for RR Donnelley's Book Division to provide secure
access to customer's proprietary reports using data aggregated from disparate databases within numerous Publishing Services facilities.
Portal was developed with BroadVision One-to-One Enterprise for all major functions.
Advest - Managed the design and development of a Web-based workflow enabled electronic new account form system.
System was a custom application to implement online account data collection, real-time compliance, workflow processing and interface to
Advest's ADP back office system.
Franciscan Winery - Developed a CRM and Decision Support solution across several departments and vendors based on Epiphany
technology.
Project included the design of both an Epiphany data mart and a separate customer data warehouse.
A new set of applications was designed to load, maintain and access the customer's data warehouse.
Mattel - Designed and marketed proof of concept for an Internet marketing solution.
Solution included leading edge integration between Epiphany and Annuncio products.Royal Alliance Associates - Developed a fully integrated front office/back office new accounts system.
System took information from representative's desktop, loaded it into the back office new accounts system, performed compliance tests,
interfaced to Royal's clearing vendor and supported customer support for representatives and clients.
Senior Project Manager
 
, 
03/1992
 
to 
03/1997
 
Company Name
Major Projects Rearchitect of Altris' product suite Implemented Customer Support Desk, introduction and implementation of Project
Management 
processes.
Arco Alaska - Managed the implementation of a custom engineering drawing change solution, which reduced engineering change cycle time.
Bell Helicopter - Managed a project to implement capture of high volumes of purchase orders and supporting documents for later access
and distribution across Bell's vast campus and off site offices.
MCA/Universal - Managed the implementation of a solution to load and track contracts for MCA's clients and vendors (actors, etc).
System required a custom implementation of a full text search engine integrated with the Altris document management technology.
Caterpillar - Managed the implementation of a distributed database imaging solution that provided drawings to the shop floor at several
major utilities.
Created and developed multiple system delivery organizations: A quality assurance group; Test and development labs; Engineering product
release group; Product packaging group; Installation teams; Training centers; Customer support.
Led several process re-engineering efforts that combined with the individual group's focus to substantially improve overall customer
satisfaction.
Implemented several new project management concepts in the IT industry.
Developed and taught project management classes and have acted as mentor to over 100 project managers in the last 15 years.
Ventura County Sheriff's Department.
Graduated in 2009 with the honors of Class President, Top Academic Award and Top Cadet award for Leadership.
Education
MBA
 
Pepperdine University
BS
 
:
 
Biology Computer Science
 
Loyola Marymount University
 
Biology Computer Science
Numerous classes in Project Management and virtually all facets of IT Systems
Skills
Academic, Active Directory, ADP, apple, Architect, Agency, B2B, Behavioral Health, billing, Book, BroadVision, CAD, Case Management,
Cisco, concept, contracts, Ventura, CRM, clients, customer satisfaction, Customer Support, data collection, data warehouse, databases,
database, Decision Support, delivery, document management, edge, estimating, focus, front office, drawing, imaging, Insurance, Internet
marketing, ITIL, Law Enforcement, Leadership, leadership skills, mentor, mentoring, access, Office, MS Project, Microwave, Enterprise,
network, new construction, packaging, PACS, patient care, PeopleSoft, Permitting, presentations, process re-engineering, processes, Project
Management, Project Leadership, Proposal, Public Health, Public Safety, quality assurance, real-time, reporting, requirements definition, RMS,
routers, SAP, scheduling, SQL, supervision, switches, Tax, Telecommunications, telephone, phones, training materials, upgrades, upgrade, utilities,
VoIP, Warrants, web development, workflow