CUSTOMER SUCCESS ADVOCATE
Professional Profile
Operate a register efficiently and effectively. Keep receiving area organized; maintain cleanliness of area. Assist all customers with any requests and
be able to help customers with any questions about electronics. *Ability to work with customers and employees from a variety of culturally diverse
backgrounds. *Ability to analyze problems/situations and make well-reasoned decisions. *Communicate with customers clearly and efficiently in
person and via telephone.
Qualifications
XP, Vista, Win7, Win8, Win10,)
Strong Knowledge of Linux Operating system and multiple distributions (including: Ubuntu, Linux Mint, CentOS and Redhat)
Proficient in the use of Macintosh Operating Systems
Proficient in navigating and editing registry files
Extensive knowledge using and supporting Microsoft Office Suite 2003, 2007, 2010, 2011 and 2013 (includes: Word, Excel,
Powerpoint, Access, Lync, Livemeeting, FrontPage, OneNote, Publisher, Project and more)
Extensive knowledge of instant messaging clients, such as: Microsoft Lync, Skype for Business, Yahoo, Facebook Messaging, Google
Hangouts, etc.
Proficient use of video-chat software, such as: Google Hangouts, Skype, ooVoo, etc.
Extensive knowledge using and supporting e-mail clients such as Outlook, Gmail, Mac mail, etc.
Extensive use of Google Apps
Extensive use of virus protection and virus removal software
Extensive knowledge in PC components and peripherals.
Extensive knowledge in building, upgrading and troubleshooting PC's
Proficient in mounting and configuring televisions, audio equipment and security systems.
Introductory knowledge in multiple coding/ programming languages such as: Python, PHP, Javascript and HTML.
Extensive knowledge in recovering failing operating systems and data within corrupted machines
Strong knowledge in RAID storage configurations
Proficient in using mobile devices for email, Lync and other tasks required
Experience
Customer Success Advocate
 
November 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Ability to support multiple customers via live chat simultaneously.
Monitor chat and ticket queue.
Escalation of tickets/chats to tier II support team when needed.
Technology Support Specialist
 
June 2013
 
to 
November 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Oversee classroom operations; assist with classroom projectors and computers.
Install, maintain and upgrade computer hardware, peripherals and software in the Central/Southern NAU Extended Campuses region.
Assist users via Lync, telephone, email, and in person to troubleshoot and find solutions to problems with computer hardware, software,
equipment and other computer issues.
Install, upgrade, maintain and configure anti-virus applications for Faculty, staff and students to maintain full virus protection.
Be a constant support for classrooms / Faculty with computer, projector and network problems.
Also be a continuous resource for all general technical questions.
Modify existing television or computer equipment to adapt to special needs.
Work directly with Faculty, students and staff to support distance education.
Provide strong input on requirements for classroom and computer lab equipment.
Assist with maintaining and creating new documentation for processes used across the state for computer labs, classrooms and user
machines.
Determine required hardware upgrades and make recommendations based on the user's needs.
Coordinate with NAU ITS department for academic computing, network infrastructure support, Faculty and other support units for client
applications and distance education.
Identify and assist in investigating issues and circumstances and provide recommendations and alternatives to difficult situations/question
problems involving staff.
Maintain and create documentation for processes used at statewide campuses for computer labs and users.
Proficient in using the program "Ghost" to install images on lab and user machines Monitor NAU's Task Management Environment and
work with team to solve and close tickets as they are made.
Assisted in the North Valley building move.
Mounted/installed 25 projectors, set up offices for Faculty and Staff.
Also connected all the lab workstations and classrooms.
Proficient in the use of Active Directory, Diamond and PostGhost Database.
Ability to work with people of culturally diverse backgrounds.
Ability to effectively prioritize, use good judgment, and to make effective use of time.
Demonstrated initiative and productivity while working independently.Familiarity with TCP/IP networking, routing, network services.
Install Technician
 
January 2012
 
to 
June 2012
 
State
Installation of television, audio and security equipment.
Working with audio, video and network wiring/cabling.
Responsibly for mounting televisions, speakers/ sound bars, as well as TV/audio receivers.
Required to set up wired/ wireless networking equipment and properly run cables throughout office/home.
Hardline merchandiser / Electronics Associate
 
June 2013
 
to 
November 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
2014
 
Sandra Day O'Connor High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computer Information Technology
 
, 
2017
 
Northern Arizona University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Computer Information Technology
Skills
academic, Active Directory, anti-virus, audio, cables, cabling, hardware upgrades, computer hardware, client, clients, Database, documentation,
editing, e-mail, email, FrontPage, Ghost, HTML, PHP, Javascript, Linux, Mac, Macintosh, Messaging, Access, Excel, mail, Microsoft Office
Suite, office, Windows Operating Systems, Outlook, Powerpoint, Publisher, Win, Win7, Win8, Word, network wiring, network, networking,
Operating Systems, Operating system, PC's, PC components, peripherals, processes, coding, programming, Python, RAID, Redhat, routing,
sound, TCP/IP networking, telephone, TV, television, troubleshoot, troubleshooting, upgrading, upgrade, video, Vista