AM- REPLENISHMENT STOCKER
Summary
Adaptable 
[Job Title]
 
with extensive experience in material handling, inspections and shipping and receiving. Focused on continual process
improvement, d
 
etail-oriented 
[Job Title]
 
highly efficient in operations.Â 
Highlights
Effective Multitasking
Quality Control 
Inventory control procedures
Strong communication skills
Proficient in Lunix Systems
Knowledge of ISO 9000 and Kaizen
MS Office proficient
OSHA Certified
Accomplishments
Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned manpower to efficiently meet production requirements.
 
Ensured freshness of food and ingredients by
checking for quality, keeping track of old and new items and rotating stock.
 
Performed all transactions in a cordial, efficient and professional
manner.
Experience
September 2015
to
June 2016
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
AM- Replenishment Stocker
Answered customers' questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone.
 Kept the showroom clean and maintained neat,
orderly product displays. 
Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping. 
Resolved service issues in a timely manner, including
coordinating and processing returns. 
Rotated stock by code and receiving date. 
Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire
store.Â 
June 2007
to
December 2008
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Communications Technician
Performed basic FCC Proof of Performance tests, including test point and 24 tests as well as responded to and repaired service
interruptions and signal degradation on the two-way distribution plant as required.
Performed requested and non-pay disconnects, pre-wired unit dwellings in order to provide "ready hook-up" capabilities, and inspected
existing ground and made new ground according to the National Electric Code (NEC) in order to protect employees, customers, and
equipment from electrical shock or damage.
October 2003
to
May 2006
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Service Installation Technician
Assisted in all phases of installing, testing, and troubleshooting security and access control systems in Houston metropolitan area office
buildings.
Maintained company owned vehicles, tools, equipment, individual tool issue, and building keys to customer buildings.
Documented completed work accurately and consulted with supervisor to resolve discrepancies and interfaced with customers as necessary
to install and test equipment.
Education
May 1996
Gulf Shores Academy
 
City
 
, 
State
 
High School Diploma
2018
Texas State Technical College 
City
 
, 
State
 
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Information Security
 
Install, configure, and support an organization's
local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), and Internet systems or a segment of a network system. Monitor network to ensure
network availability to all system users and may perform necessary maintenance to support network availability. May monitor and test Web site
performance to ensure Web sites operate correctly and without interruption. May assist in network modeling, analysis, planning, and coordination
between network and data communications hardware and software. May supervise computer user support specialists and computer network
support specialists. May administer network security measures.
Professional Affiliations
Fall 1999Â Masonic Order Member Abraham Grand Lodge Isaac # 10 Chapter
Skills
Sales Software: Salesforce.com, TapScan
Public Relations Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator, HTML