SALE CONSULTANT
Summary
I'm driven to develop and implement fresh sales and marketing strategies with financial and operational discipline. Competitive Sales Rep with two
years in sales with vast industry knowledge. I'm independent worker with high energy and great communication skills. I have a a lot to thank to my
last employer Boost Mobile of Mobile Factory for helping me advance in my sales skills and knowledge of different technology, such as phones
and computers. Friendly Sales Associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. Excellent
multi-tasker and team player. Reliable with strengths in inventory management, training, and customer service. Friendly, knowledgeable and hard-
working team player. Also a customer service and sales expert who 
identifies customer needs and delivers solutions to problems.
Highlights
Inventory management
Outgoing personality
Detailed oriented
Accurate money handing
Sale expertise
verbal/written commutation
Documentation familiarity
Team player mentality
Cheerful and Energetic
Organization skills
Staff training and development
Multi-Tasker
Active listening
Commutation skills
Computer skills
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sale Consultant
 
03/2015
 
to 
11/2015
I Answered all of the customers questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and through the phone. I also helped customers
select products that best fit their personal needs, and processed an average of 40 transactions each day in a timely manner. Maintained visually
appealing and effective displays for the entire store. Educated customers on product and service offerings. Completed purchases with cash, credit
and debit payment methods. Trained all new sales employees on effective techniques. Organized items in visually appealing manner. And did
Inventory checks throughout the day to make sure everything in the store was there.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Cashier
 
10/2014
 
to 
12/2014
Working at Michael's Arts&Crafts my job was really simple and enjoying. My responsibilities were to assist customers with their needs, handle
money throughout the day and give change back. Also with the seasonal position I had there I did learn a lot on how to greet customers and how
to make sure that they were satisfied. I Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods. And Organized items in visually
appealing manner.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Front clerk
 
02/2014
 
to 
06/2014
While working in Chicago Bakery I accepted payment from customers and gave the correct amount of change as needed. Cleaned up spilled
food, drinks and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash. I also took cake orders over the phone and maintained store cleanliness
throughout the day. Stock baked good in the display cases. At the end of the day I would close the store and make sure that nothing is out of
place and baked goods are stored away properly.
Accomplishments
When I first started to work for Boost Mobile I didn't know a thing about sales or phones at all. I was so insecure about everything, until one day I
decided to put all the insecurity thoughts aside and show my true strength and confidence. My sale skills went from zero to none to one hundred.
My best day is when I sold 31 phones in one day with accessories, I was so proud about how hard I work to get to my goal. I have a lot of thanks
to my coworkers because they showed me how to push myself to my highest limit and conquer my goals. They also showed me how to be a team
player and to always help everyone and not just customers. One of the best months was when I sold 145 phones and over $3,088 worth in
accessories. Routinely helped as many as ten customers each day in a high-volume retail outlet.I also fulfilled all supervisory duties when the store
manager was on vacation. I'm very proud on what I've learn over the couple of months working at Boost Mobile of Mobile Factory, I thank them
for helping me develop my skills and making me into the person I know I am.
Education
High School Diploma
 
2014
 
Northwood High School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Unitedstates
During my four years of high school I struggle a lot to manage my grades and make sure that I would be on the right path to achieve my goals but
some how I would always let something get in the way of my goal. Until one day my counselor and my favorite teacher came to me with help. They
helped me plan out everything that I wanted to accomplish before I graduated, with the right push and motivation I was able to achieve my goal. I
managed to get all A's, B's and C's.
Languages
English
Spanish
SkillsFast paced worker
Attention to detail
Customer service
Flexible and reliable