SENIOR FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
Highly driven finance professional with over 8 years of progressive experience in the advertising and entertainment industry. 
Extremely proficient
with managing month-end, quarter-end, and year-end deadlines.
Highlights
Staff management/development
Balance sheet reconciliations
Process improvement
Managing audit requests
Financial reporting
Cash flow analysis
Budget development
Excellent research and financial analysis abilities Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft PowerPoint. Experience with SAP
R3/BW, Maconomy, Business Objects, JD Edwards
Experience
Senior Finance Manager
 
January 2015
 
to 
January 2016
 
Company Name
Supervise the media finance, production, client finance, accounts payable and accounts receivable departments.
Manage the monthly accounting close and consolidation of monthly reports.
Manage the monthly accounting close efficiently and accurately.
Prepare monthly financial statements (Balance Sheet, P&L, Cash Flow) & variance analysis for the company.
Analyze intercompany transactions and oversee monthly reconciliations.
Provide weekly cash flow projections to CFO and manage cash balances with Dir.
of Treasury.
Manage internal and external audits, ensure good and effective internal controls are in place.
Assist in establishing accounting and operational policies/procedures as well as consistent reporting for each department.
Assist in leading the implementation of Maconomy system across the office which includes training and streamlining policies.
Review and post all entities' journal entries ensuring completeness and accuracy.
Ensure that all monthly balance sheet reconciliations are completed and any reconciling items are addressed and resolved.
Coordinate and serve as primary contact with Company's external auditors, ensuring that accounting transactions are complete and accurate
prior to external audits.
Manage internal and external audits, ensure good and effective internal controls are in place.
Provide timely reporting to department heads and upper management.
Ogilvy Public Relations- Client Finance Manager
 
January 2015
 
to 
January 2015
Manage the billing function for the West region.
Prepare and provide weekly revenue trending analysis to account teams.
Prepare monthly staff utilization/projections reports to senior account leads.
Assist account teams with new vendor set-up, vendor invoice processing, and purchase order set-up.
Primary point of contact for all A/P inquiries.
Conduct timesheet audits and follow up with staff on the submitting and approving of weekly timesheets.
Provide ad hoc reports and analysis to account and finance teams.
Senior Financial Analyst
 
January 2012
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
Validated and approved forecast rate assumptions provided by global procurement team.
Prepared weekly market commodity report.
Validated market rates used by manufacturing plants.
Prepared and analyzed monthly zinc actuals report.
Analyzed month-end results against quarterly and yearly forecasts.
Prepared presentation decks for forecast meetings.
Prepared ad hoc reports as requested by senior managers and executive teams.
Senior Financial Analyst
 
January 2008
 
to 
January 2012
 
Company Name
Performed revenue analysis, cost analysis, and utilization analysis on a monthly basis and provide reports to Finance Director and CFO.
Analyzed financial results against the forecast and prior year results to measure current performance.
Reported monthly and year to date figures to the corporate office.
Prepared journal entries and schedules for monthly close.
Processed invoices, expense reports, and review purchase orders to ensure that all are in line with corporate policies.Processed and manage inter-company invoices and billings.
Prepared and reconciled accrual and deferral schedules on a monthly basis.
Managed and implemented internal controls within the different departments of the agency.
Supported annual audit process by preparing necessary schedules.
Education
Masters of Business Administration
 
: 
Auditing & Fraud Examination
 
, 
December 2011
 
Argosy University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Auditing & Fraud
Examination
Fraud Examination: Theories and Methods, Fraud Auditing and Financial Analysis, Internal Auditing and Control Management, 
Legal Aspects of
Fraud, Investigation, and Expert Testimony
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Corporate Finance & Advertising and Promotion Strategy
 
, 
May 2006
 
University of Southern California
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Corporate Finance & Advertising and Promotion Strategy
Skills
accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, accrual, ad, A/P, agency, Auditing, Balance sheet, billing, billings, Budget development,
Business Objects, Cash flow analysis, Cash Flow, cash flow projections, cost analysis, client, expense reports, external audits, Finance, financial,
Financial Analysis, Financial reporting, financial statements, Internal Auditing, invoice processing, JD Edwards, Legal, Director, Managing, market,
meetings, Microsoft Excel, office, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, policies, Process improvement, procurement, reconciling, reporting,
research, SAP R3, Staff management/development, Treasury, variance analysis