PRODUCTION EXCELLENCE SPECIALIST
Summary
Results-driven, skilled Quality Specialist focused on achieving success and increased productivity through improvements in quality, safety,
operations, and administration. 
Knowledge and expertise in quality control, quality assurance, lean management, Six Sigma, and techniques and
methods for improving the efficiency process of an organizations quality procedure. Highly motivated with the aptitude and tenacity to resolve
challenging issues, and work productively with team members, and supervisors to accomplish the organizations future vision and goal.
Highlights
Experienced in production scheduling
Knowledgeable of quality control standards
Procurement specialist
Knowledge of 5S methodology
Experience in value stream mapping
Dedication to product quality
Global and strategic sourcing
Procedure development
Client relationships
Quantifiable revenue increases
Lean manufacturing and design
Analytical
Cost reduction and containment
QA/QC/Audits reports expert
Multi-site operations
Process improvement strategies
Systems implementation
Relationship building
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Productivity improvement specialist
Troubleshooting and problem solving
Market penetration
Accomplishments
Planned, directed, coordinated and assigned 14 employers to efficiently meet production requirements.
Contributed to an annual 25% increase in productivity through improvements in operations, quality, safety and administration.
Supervised and managed 14 inspectors through out 20 manufacturing factories.
Created critical KPIs to track and improve on-time delivery, customer issues and safety statistics.
Boosted customer satisfaction ratings by 100% in under 16 moths months.
Personally managed production activities to guarantee 
100% of orders were shipped on-time
 .
Experience
Company Name
 
October 2015
 
to 
January 2016
 
Production Excellence Specialist
 
City
Knowledge and use of Operational Equipment Efficiency (OEE) in PCB manufacturing environment.
Expertise and proficiency in LEAN Manufacturing and Six Sigma Methodologies to identify direct and analyze machine group cells for
Printed Circuit Board (PCB) and electromechanical components.
Development and optimization of OEE reports, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), process Protocols, guidelines.
Understanding and comprehension of the following tools: Root Cause Analysis, Value Stream Map, Process Map, Pareto Chart, Kaizen, 7
Wastes, and Statistical Process Control.
Company Name
 
February 2014
 
to 
September 2015
 
Procurement and Operations Manager
 
City
Developed, updated and maintained SOPs, Client Guidelines, HR and Technical Manuals and Protocols for Insight Company Managed
professionally 14 employees for Insight Quality Services Asian operations and accountable for implementation of strategic objectives,
developing operations strategy, planning production services and client communication Best practices and knowledge of LEAN
Manufacturing systematic methods and tools to reduce waste and increase quality efficiency in Chinese manufacturing factories Successfully
assisted clients on Quality Control improvements and manufacturing challenges Conducted quality control inspections all over China and
supervised 14 inspectors conducing inspections for Jewelry and Electronic products.
Assessed and trained personnel for promotion to cross-functional operations.
Led regular stand-up meetings, events and continuous improvement projects with measurable goals.
Developed and implemented data-based solutions in a timely manner.
Assessed and trained personnel for promotion to cross-functional operations.
Coordinated closely with quality control regarding products awaiting dispositions.
Supervised production schedules, production quality and on time delivery.
Defined manufacturing performance standards and reviewed the performance outcomes to set future targets.Identified staffing and capital
needs, collected relevant data and wrote justifications for established needs.
Diligently maintained safety and quality standards.Implemented root cause and corrective actions to remove production constraints and improve product quality.
Enforced a culture of lean manufacturing and continuous improvement while providing operational leadership.
Reviewed production orders, schedules, delivery dates and inventory levels to determine product availability.
Trained, developed and counseled employees to develop a high performing team.Completed key projects on time, on budget and with a
high level of accuracy.
Budgeted monthly departmental expenses and implemented cost controls.
Developed and maintained strong and clear communication and rapport with plant personnel.
Created workforce planning and development models to inform quarterly scheduling and processes.
Company Name
 
September 2013
 
to 
January 2014
 
Internal Production Auditor
 
City
Actively suggested operational improvements to enhance quality, improve production times and reduce costs.
Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.
Developed production tracking and quality control systems, analyzing production, quality control, maintenance and other operational
reports, to detect production problems.
Inspected finished products for quality and adherence to customer specifications.
Monitored and adjusted production processes or equipment for quality and productivity.
Monitored the production processes and adjusted schedules.
Adhered to all applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, safety and environmental compliance.
Coordinated inventory and cost control programs.
Worked with managers to implement the company's policies and goals.
Reviewed operations and conferred with technical or administrative staff to resolve production and processing problems.
Company Name
 
October 2006
 
to 
December 2012
 
Aviation Boatswains Fuels Technician
 
City
 
, 
State
Successfully trained 54 personnel in QA protocols, equipment maintenance, MSDS and SOPs for Fuels evolutions.
Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.
Supervised operation and organizational maintenance of JP5 Fuel systems and specialized equipment.
Completed multiple fire prevention safety training.
Effectively tested 1,140,198 gallons of Jet Propulsion Fuel during two Persian Gulf Pacific Deployments.
Excellent personal accountability and punctuality with "zero" issues for the entire military term.
Education
University of Maryland University College
 
2002
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Information Systems Management
 
Information Systems Management
Languages
English - Fluent (Read, Write and Speak)
Spanish - Fluent (Read, Write and Speak)
Mandarin Chinese - Basic Conversational (Speak)
German - Basic Conversational (Speak)
Skills
Client Relations Software: Dynamics CRM
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator
Microsoft: MS Access, MS Excel, MS Outlook, MS Power Point, Microsoft Publisher, MS Word
Business Management Software: ERP - NetSuite