BENEFIT ADVOCATE
Career Overview
Customer Service Representative who maintains a high level of professionalism, patience and efficiency to minimize customer dissatisfaction and
increase customer loyalty.
Core Strengths
Strong organizational skills
MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Office Publisher
OutlookÂ 
Loan Servicing Systems: MSP/Fidelity, SEAS and Image Viewer
Legal Search Engine: Lexis Nexis, Westlaw, CRM Selling System
Citrix, online medical software: Encoder Pro and MedPolicy
Negotiation competency
Active listening skills
Seasoned in conflict resolution
Sharp problem solver
Courteous demeanor
Employee relations specialist
High customer service standards
Customer service management expertise
Troubleshooting skills
Telecommunications knowledge
Work Experience
Benefit Advocate
 
March 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or internet, in a professional, courteous,
accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.
Resolves customer inquiries and concerns with first call resolution; assist with the members needs regarding benefits, eligibility, claims,
financial spending accounts and correspondence.
Answers customer's questions to help guide and educate them through selecting the best benefit plan options, maximize the value of their
health plan benefits by helping them understand and select quality care providers.
Intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the member to assist with appointment scheduling or connections with internal
specialists for assistance.
Assist in negotiating fees with healthcare providers on behalf of members.
Encourages self-sufficiency by assisting members in navigating company websites, cell phone applications, and tools.
Take ownership of each call to build rapport by providing resolutions on behalf of the member in real time.
Creates, generates, and initiates requests for customer callbacks to allow research and follow-up with the customer.
Research complex claims issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve customer issues in addition to
collaborating with other departments to resolve escalated issues.
Provide benefits education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests.
Exceeds the performance goals established for the position in the areas of: efficiency, call quality, customer satisfaction, first call resolution
and attendance.
Participates in and supports the development and implementation of special projects.
Research and solve claims and billing issues.
Helps members with eligibility and benefits coverage questions.
Interfaces with insurance carriers, physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers.
Online Customer Service Representative Aerotek Contractor
 
December 2014
 
to 
February 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or internet, in a professional, courteous,
accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.
Contracted/temporary assignment assisting customers with enrolling for online banking, resetting user names and passwords.
Responsible for updating accounts with correct information for proper reception with advanced access codes for financial transfers and bill
pay.
Assisted assist customers with accessing their accounts due to customer account protection blocks that prevent fraud and offer advanced
protection.
Senior Customer Service Representative
 
September 2013
 
to 
April 2014
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Xerox Corporation Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or internet, in a
professional, courteous, accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.
Provided Services for Wellpoint Insurance.
Handled the needs of medical professionals providing excellent customer service.
Verified benefits and eligibility of medical policies, claim statuses.
Researched and confirmed ICD-9, CPT & Diagnosis codes are billable and valid based on medical necessity via online medical software
Encoder Pro and MedPolicy.
Sales Representative/Holistic Health Coach 
March 2011
 
to 
December 2014
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
StateProvide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, internet, or in person in a professional,
courteous, accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.
CEO/COO of Health and Wellness/Weight Management Company.
Successfully sold over thirty thousand dollars in first six months of business.
Managed a team of nine health coaches, who traveled the country networking and building the brand.
Successfully conducted both cold and warm sales calls.
Persuaded clients to adopt unhealthy lifestyles and eating habits.
Conducted weekly consultations via the phone or video chat and/or social media forum.
Collaborated one-on-one with clients, identified dieting and weight loss challenges, set realistic dietary goals and designed weight
management menus.
Collaborated with clients to create options to achieve healthy results according to body type.
Coached, observed, monitored results, altered individual programs and celebrated milestones.
Duties also included office management, customer support for online order status, history.
Logged, tracked and managed leads, contacts, organizations, partners, vendors and suppliers.
Office management, administrative support, including new health coach recruiting and training, filing, deposits, and trade shows, conferences
and weight release parties.
Successfully supported branding with the ability to communicate healthy lifestyle practices and behavior modifications to clients, maintained
knowledge base of products, nutrition and a healthy and active lifestyle.
Effectively used consulting, coaching, customer service, inside sales and aggressive phone skills to maximize revenues.
Strategically utilized reports to meet performance expectations achieve goals and hit sales quotas.
Resolved customer issues and escalations.
Mortgage Insurance Customer Service Representative 
June 2008
 
to 
June 2011
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Subject Matter Expert (SME) solely selected to train new hires by the contracted company (Wells Fargo).
Promoted to Senior Mortgage Insurance Customer Service Representative.Â 
Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or internet, in a professional, courteous,
accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.
Inbound customer service representative for hazard insurance clients.
Assisted borrowers and external customers.
Maintained hazard and flood lender placed insurance policies on mortgage loans.
Assisted with manual production and the training and development of new hires on specific campaigns.
Educational Background
Associate of Science
 
: 
Paralegal
 
Colorado Technical University
 
Coursework in 
Paralegal Studies
Skills
Accounts payable and receivable,
AdministrativeÂ  support : filing, researching
Banking, billing, branding
Â Consulting
Customer Service, customer support, telephone
Data entry: MS Excel,Â MS Office, Outlook, MS PowerPoint, Publisher, MS Word
Employee training
Human resource: recruiting, payroll, policies, quality, rapport, insurance, coaching
Medical Billing and coding: ICD-9, ICD-10Â 
Mortgage loans, negotiating, networking
Office management: selling, sales, scheduling, taxes,Â  phone skills, phone, trade shows, type, video, websites