INTERN
Summary
Motivated, responsible Personal Trainer with extensive training in fitness, nutrition and health education.
Highlights
CPR and First Aid certified
Lifeguard training
Fitness equipment operation
Body Mass Index (BMI) knowledge
Fitness assessments
Customer-oriented
Understanding of body fat tables and BMI
Excellent sales skills
Understanding of human anatomy
AED certification
Fitness equipment expertise
Experience
Intern
 
03/2013
 
to 
10/2013
 
Company Name
Develop or coordinate fitness and wellness programs or services.
Supervise fitness or wellness workers, such as fitness instructors, recreation workers, nutritionists, and health educators.
Conduct or facilitate training sessions or seminars for wellness and fitness staff.
Develop fitness or wellness classes, such as yoga, aerobics, weightlifting, and aquatics, ensuring a diversity of class offerings.
Maintain wellness- and fitness-related schedules, records, or reports.
Manage or oversee fitness or recreation facilities, ensuring safe and clean facilities and equipment.
Operate, and instruct others in, proper operation of fitness equipment, such as weight machines, exercise bicycles, benches, hand weights,
and fitness assessment devices.
Organize and oversee health screenings, such as flu, mammography, blood pressure, and cholesterol screenings.
Teach fitness classes to improve strength, flexibility, cardiovascular conditioning, or general fitness of participants.
Maintain or arrange for maintenance of fitness equipment or facilities.
Track attendance, participation, or performance data related to wellness events.
Observe participants and inform them of corrective measures necessary for skill improvement.
Instruct participants in maintaining exertion levels to maximize benefits from exercise routines.
Offer alternatives during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness.
Plan routines, choose appropriate music, and choose different movements for each set of muscles, depending on participants' capabilities
and limitations.
Teach proper breathing techniques used during physical exertion.
Evaluate individuals' abilities, needs, and physical conditions, and develop suitable training programs to meet any special requirements.
Monitor participants' progress and adapt programs as needed.
Explain and enforce safety rules and regulations governing sports, recreational activities, and the use of exercise equipment.
Advise clients about proper clothing and shoes.
Maintain fitness equipment.
Teach and demonstrate use of gymnastic and training equipment such as trampolines and weights.
Plan physical education programs to promote development of participants' physical attributes and social skills.
Fitness Specialist
 
11/2012
 
to 
10/2013
 
Company Name
Manage or oversee fitness or recreation facilities, ensuring safe and clean facilities and equipment.
Operate, and instruct others in, proper operation of fitness equipment, such as weight machines, exercise bicycles, benches, hand weights,
and fitness assessment devices.
Maintain or arrange for maintenance of fitness equipment or facilities.
Sports Recreational Assistant
 
11/2012
 
to 
10/2013
Greet new arrivals to activities, introducing them to other participants, explaining facility rules, and encouraging participation.
Officiate at sporting events, games, or competitions, to maintain standards of play and to ensure that game rules are observed.
Judge performances in sporting competitions in order to award points, impose scoring penalties, and determine results.
Inspect sporting equipment and/or examine participants in order to ensure compliance with event and safety regulations.
Keep track of event times, including race times and elapsed time during game segments, starting or stopping play when necessary.
Signal participants or other officials to make them aware of infractions or to otherwise regulate play or competition.
Verify scoring calculations before competition winners are announced.
Resolve claims of rule infractions or complaints by participants and assess any necessary penalties, according to regulations.
Start races and competitions.
Teach and explain the rules and regulations governing a specific sport.Verify credentials of participants in sporting events, and make other qualifying determinations such as starting order or handicap number.
Confer with other sporting officials, coaches, players, and facility managers in order to provide information, coordinate activities, and discuss
problems.
Report to regulating organizations regarding sporting activities, complaints made, and actions taken or needed such as fines or other
disciplinary actions.
Compile scores and other athletic records.
Direct participants to assigned areas such as starting blocks or penalty areas.
Research and study players and teams in order to anticipate issues that might arise in future engagements.
02/2013
 
to 
07/2013
 
Company Name
Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts,
or obtain details of complaints.
Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.
Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Determine charges for services requested, collect deposits or payments, or arrange for billing.
Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.
Recommend improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or billing methods and procedures to prevent future problems.
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
Prepare sales slips or sales contracts.
Maintain records related to sales.
Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.
Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.
Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.
Exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns.
Clean shelves, counters, and tables.
Help customers try on or fit merchandise.
Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering.
Advise patients about treatments and foot care techniques necessary for prevention of future problems.
Prepare inserts, heel pads, and lifts from casts of customers' feet.
Measure customers for fit,and discuss with them the type of footwear to be made, recommending details such as leather quality.
Education
High School Diploma
 
Jun 2008
 
JAY M. ROBINSON HIGH SCHOOL CONCORD NORTH CAROLINA UNITED STATES
 
Weight
Training , Physical Education, Competed in High School Basketball ( Varsity) , Competed in Track and Field
Dec 2015
 
BELMONT ABBEY COLLEGE BELMONT NORTH CAROLINA UNITED STATES
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.5
 
GPA: 3.5
WORLD INSTRUCTOR TRAINING SCHOOL CHARLOTTE. NC UNITED STATES
 
Jun 2013-Aug 2013 passed both the practical and
written exam for a certified personal training certification
Certifications
Programming for Muscular Fitness: Machines Programming for Muscular Fitness: Free Weights Alternative Training Techniques; Flexibility
Training CPR certified AED certified FIRST AID certified
Skills
benefits, billing, contracts, CPR certified, credit, clients, FIRST AID, Inventory, Exchange, packaging, paint, Programming, progress, quality,
Record keeping, recording, Research, safety, sales, seminars, shipping, tables, telephone, training programs, type, written, Composition