ACCOUNTANT
Summary
A detail oriented, efficient accountant that excels in managing multiple tasks in fast paced environments.Â  A proven track record in meeting
deadlines, streamlining processes and promoting a positive work environment.Â  Articulate communicator known for delivering excellent customer
service both internally and externally.Â  Self-motivated team player who demonstrates a high level of quality work and professionalism
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Accounting and Information Management
 
University of Texas at Dallas
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
Psychology
 
University of Texas at Dallas
Highlights
Account reconciliation expert
Financial modeling 
Variance Analysis
Corporate G&A and COGS Accounting
Cash Forecasting
Capitalization and Fixed Assets
Analytical reasoning
Effective time management
Superior research skills
Intermediate Excel Skills including Pivot Tables and V-Lookups
Inventory Accounting
Computer Skills
Netsuite; Quickbooks; Cognos Impromptu; JDEdwards; AS400; Sage FAS Fixed Assets; BNA Fixed Assets; BusinessObjects Crystal
Reports(currently SAP Crystal Reports); Hyperion Essbase
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accountant
 
12/2012
 
to 
Current
â—​ Â Compile and analyze financial information to prepare financial statements to be distributed internally and externally
â—​ Â Reconcile bank accounts to general ledger on a monthly basis
â—​ Â Manage fixed assets ensuring all assets that meet our threshold are input accurately and depreciated properly
â—​ Â Analyze inventory expense and assets accounts; Research and resolve discrepancies in coordination with Fulfillment team
â—​ Â Monitor and record bank activity on a daily basis; Analyze past costs and revenue to provide cash forecast weekly
â—​ Â Record cash receipts and revenue for associated company; Reconcile sub-ledger to general ledger by verifying monthly activity
â—​ Â Forecast balance sheet and cash flow forecast based on yearly budgeted income statement
â—​ Â 
 Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by 
25
 % by implementing more accurate and efficient procedures
Company Name
 
State
 
Staff Accountant
 
09/2008
 
to 
12/2012
Tracked capital improvement projects in AS400 system by checking status and confirming expenditures; provided accounting support as
needed
Managed fixed assets; Generated year end depreciation reports and recorded to the general ledger; Coordinated and conducted city-wide
asset audit
Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines.
Verified department software interfaced appropriately and communicated with various departments to provide information and answer
questions; documented procedures as appropriate.
Prepared year-end audit schedules and ensured accuracy; researched and resolved auditors' inquiries and requests.
Recorded state and federal seizure and forfeiture funds received and expended and balanced corresponding general ledger accounts;
coordinated with police department to ensure accuracy of annual state and federal reports.
Generated yearly 1099 report from general ledger and electronically filed 1099 report with the IRS.
Reconciled municipal court transactions to the general ledger as well as filed quarterly and annual reports; investigated and resolved any
discrepancies.
Monitored bank accounts for investment activities; Recorded investment maturities, purchases, and interest; Updated investment
spreadsheet to reflect current balances, outstanding bonds and certificates of deposits.
Innovated accurate and efficient method for proper accounting of assets
Coordinated with fellow staff to improve processes; Provided administrative support by filing and gathering reports, creating and preparing
spreadsheets for special projects and providing assistance and information on financial and accounting issues.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Staff Accountant
 
12/2006
 
to 
05/2008
Maintained capital expenditures in BNA; Organized and conducted asset audit for 26 regional branches by interfacing with each Asset
Branch Manager; drafted monthly depreciation reports and computed depreciation
Reconciled branch sales reports to bank account activity.
Audited weekly Accounts Payable check runs.
Audited daily Accounts Receivable credit reports.
Researched validity of invoice void requests.
Investigated and resolved credit card and bank deposit variances.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounting Assistant
 
03/2005
 
to 
12/2006
Prepared and input daily and monthly journal entries into general ledger.
Analyzed and reviewed expense reports for accuracy.
Performed monthly balance sheet reconciliations.Recorded monthly and yearly accruals.
Input new vendors and invoices into accounting system; conducted weekly check runs.
Prepared daily cash reports and performed transfers as needed.
Managed bank accounts for 24 properties; Performed intercompany transfers as needed