CLINICAL SERVICE ADVOCATE
Professional Summary
To be part of an organization which assist and offers services to individuals in need as well as allow me to utilize my past experience and education,
and offer new challenges as well as growth within the agency.
Skill Highlights
Areas of Specialty Domestic Violence, Sexual Abuse, Rape, Prostitution *Mental Health, Substance Abuse, Depression, Anxiety, Bipolar,
Schizophrenia *Homelessness, Community Inclusion, Shelter System, HRA, SSI, NYCHA, Section 8, Community Resources *Mental
Retardation, Down Syndrome, Medication Dispensing, Residential services, Autism *Runaway Teenagers, ADHD, ADD, Truancy, Family
Intervention
Experience
To seek and obtain employment in an organization wich will allow m utilize my past experince, skills, as well as aqcired sills, and ofer new challeges
as well as well as offer growth within th organization
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Human Services Psychology and Sociology
 
2007
 
Boricua College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
NY
 
GPA: 
Dean's List Honor Roll
Student 2006-2007 and 2008 Secretary of the Student Body and Vice President of the Research studies (Latinas take a Stand against Violence
Human Services Psychology and Sociology Dean's List Honor Roll Student 2006-2007 and 2008 Secretary of the Student Body and Vice
President of the Research studies (Latina take a Stand against Violence) ad President of Women against Human Trafficking
Bachelor's
 
June 2008
Master's Degree
 
, 
Clinical Counseling and Psychology Human Personalities and Behaviors
 
Clinical Counseling and Psychology Human
Personalities and Behaviors
Master of Science
 
, 
Da Masters Degree i Psychology an Clinical Social Work
 
May 2012
 
City College Columbia University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
nyAffiliation Awarded three scholarships for academic achievements, maintaining a 3.8 GPA for three consecutive semesters and volunteering
work in the communities as well as being recognized for a strong advocate for women in need. Neon Natal as well and or also Premature Babies
born with different types of addictions, which required hands on and constant supervision. I was offered a position on Sept. 2014, but I was
unable to accept because my passion was so great I could not see myself doing this kind of love labor for money or support. I also volunteered
from 2006 through 2010 at Catholic Guardian with Clinical Manager Enid Cruz LCSW, as a Case Planner, Home finder, ISP development, and
did many home visits. My duties were more than a volunteer for me. ST Barnabas, I have volunteered for seven years 2008-Present in the Psych
ER, Maternity ward, and anywhere needed. I have developed a team of interns from both universities I attended Columbia and Fordham /Boricua
College in one team consisting of 25 where we work with Mark Cruz Senator and directly under the need and supervision of personal mentors
Ruben Diaz Sr and Jr. Now Jr. is the Bronx Borough President while, Diaz Sr. is the Hunts point senator service the south Bronx area of the
Bronx giving out resources, information to drop in centers, centers they can stop by should they need the services. Over 30 affiliates agencies who
work well with homeless, DV, Substance Abuse, Homeless, HIV, Transgender, Anti Violence, A Date Rape, Coming out Support and ways to
seek help if desire to get clean. Even new resources of an agency that preps with mocking interviewed, resume prep, clothing for the interview and
the MetroCard if needed. And City advocates names numbers district assistance and what they are expected to do for the constituents. Help with
HRA/TANF/ FOOD STAMPS, SSDI, SSI, and any form, or type of help despite their age color sexual orientation believe or anything we help
all. The second team consists of 15-20 interns who work in the East Harlem under the direct supervision and per need of City Council President
Melissa Mark Vivirito. I have also worked with now Mayor when he was the city's Advocate Mr. Bill Di Blasio as well as Jo Serrano who
worked with myself and a bunch of student feeding and transporting street homeless adults out of the frigid weather and into shelters for the night
or more time if wished needed and as per case to case
Experience
Clinical Service Advocate
 
Jul 2015
 
to 
Jun 2016
 
Company Name
Provided quality services t elderly populations who lives and or resided within their respective homes, but were in need of various services
or resources available for hem within the community.
Escorted clients as needed to medical appointments, psychiatrist, housing and any appointments needed to advocate and or inform both
parties of any significant events that were taking place or changed during the time from the last visits.
Completed housing application, as well as entitlements application letters or document submission.
Discussed any significant events with family, doctors, service providers, social care coordinators, and all 
involved in client's treatment plan.
Women's EmpowermentCounselor/ Advocate
 
Jan 2011
 
to 
May 2015
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide crisis intervention services to women and their children, coming into shelter after leaving their abusive homes.
Facilitated groups for women survivors of domestic violence, sexual abuse and incest.
Provided comprehensive services to women and their families in need of outside resources, agencies, referrals, called and scheduled
appointments and if needed escorted the clients to these appointments to ensure that language barrier would not be a reason in order to
obtain or receive services Explored and informed clients who were non English speakers and unaware or little informed of the legal system
in the states their rights.
Assisted clients navigate the HRA, Legal, BOE, shelter, Section 8, NYCHA, affordable housing, HASA, ACS system according to each
clients and families' needs and situation.
Advocated for clients, also providing clients tools, skills, and insight knowledge on their future independence as women whether it was
Latinas, women of color, Caucasian or Asian, always reminding them that their worth was important and that they can achieve their highest
level of potential.Office Manager
 
Aug 2008
 
to 
Dec 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Handled all incoming/outgoing calls from office to different court parts, DA's offices, judge's chambers, and clients being represented either
by the lawyer or the bail bond agent.
Assisted clients in completing any or all documentation/forms for their cases, files, as needed in order to provide a more accurate or better
quality of service during the visit.
Followed up on any pending cases, as well as composed legal documentations for both lawyer and bail bond agent, at times translating
these documents from English to Spanish and vice versa Served as an interpreter for non-English speaking clients who were in need of legal
consultation or came by the office to follow on their pending case.
Composed disposition letters, adjournments', minutes/notes, legal summaries, court hearings, request appearances, subpoenas, witness
presence or any legal documents requested by attorneys or agents.
Handled all office banking, rental fees, and office space charges, cash payments from clients, lawyers, and tenants ETC.
Performed online banking using bank application and made all deposits and withdrawals as per request of lawyer.
Responsible for making all payments for the office bills.
Bilingual Clinical Services Coordinator
 
Nov 2005
 
to 
Jul 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Coordinated and provided community-based services, utilizing any and all resources available within the community to assist our clients
living with a substance abuse addiction, mental illness, homelessness, and criminal history.
Ensured service plans suited each client's specific need according to their mental illness, substance abuse history, as well as addressed any
other stressors in order to facilitate clients' reintegration in the community and assisting and allowing them to become productive members in
our society.
Facilitated, encouraged, and prompted clients to be part of the N/A, A/A, G/A, S/A meetings promoting a healthy drug free lifestyle and
enhance their quality of life, always reminding them of the importance of focusing on their goals and working a program that best suited their
recovery.
Counseled clients individually, family setting, and in groups as needed and requested by clients.
Providing a 24 hour crisis intervention, using cellular provided by the agency.
Worked well within a team setting or individually for an ACT team (Assertive Community Treatment) where 80% of the services were
provided within the community.
Under the rules and regulation of OASAS, OMH, DOH, Dept.
of Health, SAMHSA, HRA, NYCHA, Section 8 as well as resources, government offices, and referring one stop organizations or agencies
that provided assistance for clients Advocated at state and local events reminding the politicians, congress, senators, and assembly of the
importance of public, state, city and private funding to continue providing services in district.
Implemented goals that were realistic and tailored by the clients.
Daily documentation of any progress, updates, changes of services, or significant events were documents for a caseload of 16-24 clients.
Documentation was completed and submitted within a timely manner.
Skills
psychology Human Behavior and Personality Disorder academic, Various agencies worked and volunteered and interned fr Mayor Bill Di Blasio
Cit Advocate Leticia James Bronx Congress Jose Senarator, Epillat (upper Manhattan) CASES Reintegration from Jail system back into the
communities(Reintegration) , worked with Autism, Down Syndrome, Mentally ill, Mentaly retarded, group homes a risk youth, Human
Trafficker,while doing office administration for both Legal team of Criminal Lawyers as well as well as Non for Profit Administration I did Online
banking, Fund raising, consultation,knowledge experience and worked along side side congress workers such as Ruben Diaz Sr, in the South
Bronx area. Where many low income super low income many in he shelter system unemployed many residing in shelter system due to poverty ad
lack of income or jobs available or lack of education opportunities resources or chances to excel. Also, worked along side and closely to the Mr
Ruben Diaz Jr Bronx Borough President. Where I with became eager to follow and make change with in he Bronx where I personally as raised in
the Bronx and fell prod to say I am a Bromxite wwit ard work abo and ooprtniies attendeded and radated frm Columbia University and Bronxite
congress created and became the Bronx WORKFORCE 1, I was pivotal part of all the new and availablle proarmas aha where programs for
education training jobs Scholarships college prep and class Â part of the WORKFOCE 1 Program. For the and at the Dept of labor a new
program which opened doors for all Bronxites Â chances opportunities and a new style of life, to learn live and enjoy a new form of a style of live,
gainfully employed ending homeless. Most people or potential candidates with no experience to now becoming prepared gaining new set of
specific skills and prepared for today's competitive market in NYC. In my opinion it rescued many Bronxite which went from no set of skills to
now having the ability to get education training jobs and opportunities to better themselves,or educate in areas of their choice many
Â Council,Congress and people with power took interest n helping ut th Bronx in the map, where we belonged and help the Bcx Boroughs quickly
became involvement part Â took in the Bronx's crisis intervention, something I know all to well from my personal work educational and
professional life. Â worked outreach ACT Team, Institutionalized hospital and accessed he transition from Â hospital to client discharge back t he
community. Assist with Entitlements Benefits SSI/SSD, Food stamps, Housing, Medicaid, NYCHA, Shelter Plus Care ect assist ad promote
clients' independence and , DOH, DV, Documentation, English, forms, government, Guardian, ISP, Legal, legal documents, letters, notes, Mark,
meetings, Mental Health, mental illness, money, office, progress, psychiatrist, speaking, quality, Spanish, SSI, supervision, translating, treatment
plan, type ad services needed according to specific individual need and assessment individual and according to individual need and basis