ENTREPRENEUR GENERAL MANAGER
Professional Summary
Airport Operations Safety and Training Coordinator
 Â with management experience and exceptional people skills. Versed inÂ 
 accident
investigation and analysis to develop action plansÂ 
 Â and 
initiatives to address accident trends
 . Desires a challenging role as a 
Safety Training
Manager
 .
Experience
Entrepreneur General Manager
 
, 
12/2011
 
to 
12/2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Conducted analysis to addressÂ 
 loss of revenue
 Â which led to 
complete turnaround 
.
Increased sales by 17% over a two-year period. 
Provided onsite training.
Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.
Successfully led key projects which resulted in 
new source of revenue
 .
Planned and executed 
new line of business.
Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory
 
. 
Managed the daily operations of the gas station.
Oversaw sales, inventory and staff monthly.
Conducted and performed inspections of all gas equipment and facilities.
Maintained and obtained a clean and customer friendly environment for various customers.
Enforced and implemented strict policies and procedures regulating the gas station.
Responsible for hire and managing more than 30 employees.
Oversaw the price management of fuels and merchandise.
Monitored monthly sales, and inventory, prepared monthly cash balance reports for the gas station and convenience store.
Sought, prepared, negotiated and obtained contracts with USAID to deliver food and seeds throughout Haiti.
Created, prepared, and maintained records and documents related to the operation and administration of the delivery of assigned loads, and
prepared reports related to the work.
Conducted researched, evaluated, and make decisions on what mode and route to take for transportation of loads throughout Haiti
Planned, organized, coordinated, prioritized, assigned, and evaluated the work of subordinate's employees.
Coordinated and oversaw the daily operations of the trucks, Prepared and administer the budgets. Answered inquiries and complaints from
our customers related to the delivery of loads.
Safety & Training Coordinator
 
, 
06/1995
 
to 
01/2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Exercised Responsibility for the development of training for more than 15,000 airport employees, loss prevention, scheduled and conducted
safety meetings.
Planned, directed, oversaw, reviewed and evaluated the work of staff providing support to airport training program.
Maintained or directed the maintenance of accurate records and files.
Monitored changes in legislation and FAA regulations that may affect training and safety program operations or service delivery; evaluated
their effect upon program activities and recommended appropriate policy and procedure modifications.
Maintained contact with airlines, government agency, and Miami Dade Aviation employees to keep them informed of safety and training
needs and requirements.
Developed and modified training techniques and formats to evaluate airfield vehicle operators or current program effectiveness and to
determine the need for program modification and/or new training program development.
Tested theoretical and practical knowledge of aviation safety and ramp safety.
Analyzed training programs to assure competency of persons operating vehicle on the airfield.
Prepared reports of airfield inspections to document findings.
Approved or disapproved issuance of certificate of vehicles operators on the airfield.
Promoted training programs through developing contacts with various organizations and through electronic media announcements.
Developed, Organized, prepared, and revised departmental safety manuals, prepared periodic report on progress of safety and training
program as required.
Provided fiscal oversight for Airside Division training cash collections, equipment purchase orders.
Tracked Employee Performance training requirements to make sure that are following FAA Rules and Regulations.
Developed and made recommendation for the purchase of new and improved equipment.
Monitored existing equipment and their usage.
Responsible for issuing department vehicle, and equipment.
Assigned, distributed, checked, and verified access personnel work load.
Performed inspections of county buildings, airport ramp, taxiways, and runways to determine proper adherence to established safety
standard and to assure that proper safety conditions are maintained.
Reported any unsafe conditions and followed up on corrections of unsafe conditions and minimized losses.
Performed investigations of accidents on the airfield which cause damage to county property or equipment/persons, determined causes of
accidents and made recommendation for appropriates actions to prevent recurrences.
Approved requests for emergency delivery on the airfield.
Monitored safety condition of the airfield, maintained and ensured the smooth operation of the airport.
Ensured that all operators adhere to the rules and regulation of the department.
Monitored construction and maintenance projects affecting airfield activities.
Ensured compliance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Miami-Dade Aviation rules and regulations to affect the safe and
efficient operation of the Air Operations Area (AOA).Education
Bachelor
 
:
 
Public 
2
 
,
 
December 2007
 
Barry University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Public 
2
Professional Affiliations
Member, Small Business Association (2008 - present)
Member, 
AAAE
Skills
agency, balance, budgets, contracts, delivery, government, inventory, loss prevention, managing, meetings, access, personnel, policies, program
development, progress, safety, sales, training programs, transportation