CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my organizational skills and ability to work with people, in a stable environment that will lead to a
lasting Â  relationship.
Experience
January 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Phoenix Aviation has provided me with an extensive knowledge of aviation 
amongst multiple product lines; while remaining task oriented
and working 
as a team member.
I currently work with the Agriculture, Commercial Aircraft, Commercial 
Airport, and Airline product lines.
Having knowledge of multiple product 
lines is an asset, because I am able to assist multiple underwriters and 
underwriter assistants
throughout the company.
Issue new business and renewal binders, endorsements, and any mid-term 
changes that may occur, while maintaining monthly reports for the
commercial and airline policies.
Assist brokers on a daily basis with a concerns or questions concerning 
policies, certificates, loss runs, invoices, and endorsements for
Agriculture, 
Commercial, and Airline products.
Familiar intranet and internet based systems that incorporate a paperless 
process.
I have received numerous awards for going above and beyond for my 
manager and multiple underwriters.
Customer Service Representative
 
February 2013
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
AIG Aerospace has provided me with the knowledge of aviation and ability 
to assist brokers; while also working as a part of a team and
providing the 
best customer service.
Having knowledge of aviation is useful in assessing aviation risk, which 
includes aircraft specifications, reviewing pilot experience, and etc.;
to 
produce computer-generated quotes and binders.
Issue endorsements, binders, and policies for light general aviation aircrafts 
and also maintain renewals on a continuing basis through the
updating 
underwriter information for renewal proposals.
Manage and respond to brokers on a daily basis with any concerns and 
questions regarding accounting, underwriting, renewals, policy
terms and 
conditions, non-ownership program, and providing training to brokers 
regarding an external quote system.
Familiar with intranet and internet based systems that incorporate a 
paperless process.
Research and corrected any premium discrepancies by offsetting balances 
in the accounting system.
Device Support Center Manager
 
January 2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Flextronics has provided me with the managerial skills needed to supervise, 
communicate, and manage the overall performance of staff in the
store.
Analyze the daily reports of data received, giving recommendations, and 
developing strategy plans on how to improve quality and quantity
for the 
company.
Taking inventory of all supplies, mobile devices, and accessories 
in the store and documenting daily transactions.
Mobile devices have become a very important aspect of our culture and 
therefore it is a necessity that customer's problems be resolved as
soon as 
possible.
My experiences have given me the ability and the expertise to 
train other employees, while staying abreast on AT&T mobile devices and 
the
latest technology.
At Flextronics, we have mandatory quotas that must be met monthly to 
achieve or support center goals, visions and objectives.
I have the aptitude 
to achieve goals independently or in a group setting; while being able to 
motivate myself and others.
I am excellent at multi-tasking and maintaining 
flexibility.
My daily duties consist of assisting customers in person and on the phone.
My verbal communication skills allow me to effectively communicate 
Flextronics position, while listening and asking questions to meet the
customer's needs.
I am empathy when listening to others; while educating 
customers about their devices and resolving issues.
My written communication skills are another essential part of my daily 
duties at Flextronics.
For every customer that comes to the store their 
account must be annotated.
The annotations must include the customer's 
name, issue, troubleshooting steps that were performed, results of those 
steps, and the
resolution of the issue.
My organizational skills are invaluable within the device support center.
Due to there being an abundance of customers and their wireless devices.
It is imperative to be organized especially dealing with customers 
proprietary information.
These skills help me to be more efficient in 
supervising and managing other employees; while remaining attentive to 
the customer.
I have been awarded employee of the month for five months.
Along with 
numerous emails and phone calls with positive feedback from customers.
I 
was also sent to Shreveport, LA because of my expertise to assist 
employees and customers.
Education
Baccalaureate of Science
 
: 
Business Administration/Marketing
 
, 
2008
 
Business Administration/Marketing University of Louisiana at LafayetteSkills
accounting, accounting system, customer service, inventory, listening, managerial, managing, multi-tasking, organizational skills, policies, proposals,
quality, Research, strategy, supervising, phone, troubleshooting, underwriter, underwriting, verbal communication skills, written communication
skills