PERSONAL TRAINER
Summary
Accomplished Assistant Store Manager with 10 years of managerial experience in a retail setting. Areas of expertise include sales, recruiting and
people management. Retail sales professional versed in product placement and merchandising. Extensive experience in inventory management and
shipment processing. Retail professional with extensive knowledge of the supplement industry, including current trends. Enjoys helping customers
find the new and exciting products.
Experience
Personal Trainer
 
Jun 2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
WBFF Pro Sponsored Athlete
Healthy lifestyle, nutrition, and fitness guest expert on WEOA 98.5 Evansville radio, with 15,000+ listeners
Work with personal healthy lifestyle and training clients to determine overall health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then tailor workout and
nutrition programs to help clients meet goals
Develop personal brand and do client outreach using social media and online tools such as Instagram, Facebook, Google+, etc.
Coordinated & lead pre-sales and opening, with a total of 1,000+ members signed on or before opening day
Consistently provided excellent customer service and assisted in account management for 15,000+ members
Recruited, hired and trained a staff of 20 full-time and part-time employees to provide excellent customer service to 15,000+ members
Maintained the overall operations of the facility including maintenance, cleaning staff, and inventory
Responsible for completing payroll, scheduling and reporting to corporate office Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth
adoption of new program.
Implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover.
Exceeded company objectives with Sales.
Hired and trained 90% of staff.
Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program.
Planned and led three training sessions to promote sales team professional development and sales goal reinforcement.
Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner.
Obtained scanned records and uploaded them into the database.
Scanned documentation and entered into the database.
Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and scheduling database.
Maintained daily bookkeeping report.
Led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions.
Pre-screened all resumes prior to sending them to corporate hiring managers for consideration.
Screened all applicants based on theirTrained new sales associates
Trained new sales associates each quarter.
Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.
Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.
Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.
Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.
Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register.
Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.
Welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items.
Resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.
Mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.
Followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays.
Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.
Assisted clients in determining their overall health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then determined tailored workout and nutrition programs best
suited for the client.
Educated clients on proper nutrition, cardio capacities, and correct workout and weight-lifting form.
Helped clients to reach their goals through consistent motivation, education, and accountability. * Assisted clients in determining their overall
health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then determined tailored workout and nutrition programs best suited for the client * Educated clients on
proper nutrition, cardio capacities, and correct workout and weight-lifting form * Helped clients to reach their goals through consistent
motivation, education, and accountability
Assisted clients in determining their overall health, nutrition, and fitness goals, then determined tailored workout and nutrition programs best
suited for the client
Responsible for new client outreach and retention Accomplishments
1st Place, Muscle Model - WBFF Amateur Las Vegas World Championships 2014 (which led to earned PRO card)
Fitness Manager
 
Mar 2015
 
to 
Mar 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Team Leader
Tracking Sales
Help and Development in Training ProgramsManage 16 Personal trainers
Oversee All Operations on the floor/group training
Conducted weekly Training Meetings
Schedule Client appointments
Front Desk customer service
Prepare weekly Reports
Education
High School Diploma
 
, 
buisness
 
southern indiana
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
united states
some college/ 
Coursework in Business, Management and Communications/ Strategic Leadership course.
Certifications
CPR International Fitness Professional Associate Certified - Weight Lifting, Kickboxing, and Aerobics Any other certifications? Current Personal
Training Insurance through Thomco Insurance
Skills
Clients, Training, Customer Service, Operations, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Sales, Account Management, And Sales, Bookkeeping, Cash, Cash
Register, Closing, Correspondence, Credit, Credit Card, Customer Relations, Database, Databases, Documentation, Increase, Instructor,
Inventory, Maintenance, Merchandising, New Sales, Of Sale, Payroll, Point Of Sale, Promote Sales, Recruiting, Sales And, Sales Associates,
Sales Events, Sales Team, Satisfaction, Scheduling, Telephone, With Sales, Associate, CPR, Front Desk, Training Programs