FINANCE SPECIALIST
Summary
To be able to join an organization where I can utilize my proficiency with accounting principles, along with a flair for accuracy towards performing
my duties.
Experience
Finance Specialist
 
Nov 2014
 
to 
Jan 2015
 
Company Name
One of the nation's largest owners and managers of high-quality residential housing representing a diverse mix of multifamily, military and
student communities.
Salary: USD15 per hour 
Hours: 40 hours per week During the short term I have worked with Balfour Beatty, I have done the processing of
vendor invoices, processing of monthly rental payments, handling of the petty cash fund, reviewing and checking of the BAH Reconciliation
of outgoing residents prepared by the Resident Specialist; assists outgoing residents in their out processing - such as booking their pre-
inspection and inspection dates; assists prospective and existing residents with their inquiries in person or on the phone; fetching the office's
mails and distributing the same; collection of rental due from the military residents that did not opt for allocation in their pay slips; processing
of credit card payments of civilian residents.
Financial Accountant
 
May 2008
 
to 
Sep 2011
 
Company Name
A part of Leighton Asia, which is a member of the CIMIC Group - one of the world's leading international contractors and the world's
largest contract miner.
Salary: PHP63,000 monthly (USD1,260) 
Hours: 40-44 hours per week As the company's Financial Accountant, I worked directly under
the Finance and Administration Manager.
I was delegated various tasks relating to general accounting and financial reporting.
On the general accounting side, I supervise the input of financial data on the company's books.
Every end of the month, I oversee the closing of the books, making sure that all events that happened during the month are complete and
accurate.
I manage the billings to our clients and follow through so that collection is made on time to ensure that the Company has the appropriate
funds to settle the payables with subcontractors and other suppliers, salaries of the employees, and other expenses.
On the financial reporting, I prepare detailed reports with supporting schedules such as 15-month expenditure budget with estimates and
variations analysis, cash flows, Financial Packages and various management reports as are required by the head office.
All of these are part of the monthly, quarterly and annual reporting packages that the Finance Manager uses during the monthly management
meetings held at the Hong Kong Head Office.
At every end of the Company's fiscal year, I prepare the Company's Financial Statements and Tax Returns and submit the same on time to
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Bureau of Internal Revenue.
I am also the direct contact of the Company's external auditors in all of their queries and needs during the course of their audit of the
Financial Statements.
The experience I gained from SGV & Co.
has made me confident in fulfilling this scope of my work.
Other responsibilities I had were safekeeping of the petty cash fund, important contracts and high value checks; maintaining files of project
contracts, quarterly balance sheets and income statements; assisting in the internal audit of the Head Office; assisting in the procurement of
PCAB (Philippine Contractors Accreditation Board) License - licensing of construction contractors; assisted in the audit conducted by the
Bureau of Internal Revenue.
During my time with the Company, I was consistently recognized for my ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
I was able to cut down overtime work of the Accounting Department because of the efficiency of the workbooks I have developed that
helped me in finalizing reports and analysis while maintaining the essence of the structures of the reports required by the Hong Kong Head
Office.
I always met my deadlines but have worked with accuracy, completeness and integrity all the time.
Associate Auditor
 
Nov 2006
 
to 
May 2008
 
Company Name
Established in 1946 and became a member practice of Ernst & Young Global Limited on June 6, 2002.
SGV & Co.
is the Philippines' largest multidisciplinary professional services firm while Ernst and Young (EY) is a global leader in assurance, tax,
transaction and advisory services.
PHP19,500 monthly (USD390) 
Hours: 40-60 hours per week After passing the Philippine CPA Licensure Examination on October 2006,
I started working with SGV & Co.
It has equipped me with flexibility to work with a wide range of professionals through my interaction with the clients' employees in different
industries.
I have participated in the financial audit of various companies where I have utilized my ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines
accordingly.
I have worked as an individual on some clients and as part of a group on other clients.
In one of my individual tasks, I was able to isolate a management error in the way the Company has presented one of their major accounts
and was able to formulate a solution to adjust the account and avoid future errors.This has enabled my Senior to trust that I can work diligently and as a consequence I was assigned one of the group's largest client.
I have also observed different year-end inventory count procedures conducted by various clients to ensure the accuracy of the inventory that
they report in their Financial Statements.
Sicangco, Menor, Villanueva & Co., CPAs 
One of the largest and trusted accounting and auditing firms in the province of Pampanga in the
Philippines.
Audit Staff
 
Apr 2005
 
to 
Jun 2005
 
Daily allowance of PHP50 
Hours: 40 hours per week During my senior year in college, I have undergone on-the-job training for audit.
I have assisted in the financial audit, review and evaluation of systems of control and other related professional services of various
companies.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Accountancy Philippines
 
2006
 
Holy Angel University
 
Accountancy Cum Laude Philippines
Skills
Accounting, general accounting, auditing, balance sheets, billings, budget, closing, contracts, CPA, credit, client, clients, Finance, Financial,
Financial Accountant, financial audit, financial reporting, prepare the Company's Financial Statements, Financial Statements, funds, PHP,
inspection, internal audit, inventory, meetings, Exchange, Office, payables, procurement, quality, maintaining files, reporting, Securities, tax, Tax
Returns, phone, year-end