OPERATIONS MANAGER
Summary
Experienced client service professional accustomed to managing teams functioning in a fast-paced environment in support of multiple products
across various business units. Solid background in building strong and effective teams
Highlights
KYC, Anti Money Laundering, and legal documentations
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Strong interpersonal and communication skills at all levels Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint, and Project)
Employee relations (hiring, terminations, performance management, development)
SEC Licenses Series 6 and 63 (Expired. Willing to retake.)
Proficiency in Adobe products (Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator)
Spanish fluency, oral and written
Experience
02/2010
 
to 
08/2014
Operations Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed a team of four client service officers responsible for day-to-day operations and onboarding process.
Directed and supervised the daily activities of the teams with primary focus in enhancing the client's experience, mitigating risk, and
identifying areas of improvement.
Performed Quality Assurance reviews and approved due diligence reviews completed by the staff.
Collaborated and managed assigned projects with cross-functional teams and departments including data and document collection and
review, technology, sales and other client services groups across the firm.
Coordinated with Front Office, Credit, Compliance, AML compliance and global client onboarding teams to understand client/deal
structure and agree requirements/responsibilities.
Participated in the development and drove implementation of department policies and/or procedures to help improve service and overall
efficiency.
09/2007
 
to 
02/2010
Client Service Manager
Within three months, increased efficiency by 20% by identifying and mitigating outdated manual processes and leveraging technology.
Increased staff performance accuracy levels to 99%.
Managed a team of eight client service officers responsible for servicing our base of Commercial Real Estate clients, Mortgage Servicers,
and Regulated Cash.
Serviced a portfolio of 300 clients with deposits in excess of 80 billion.
Reviewed complex Cash Collateral agreements and client provided documentation to ensure compliance with regulatory and contractual
requirements.
Served as the escalation point for and coordinated the resolution of key issues and complex client concerns and opportunities.
Analyzed complex data for management reporting nationwide on wire and deposit accounts providing adequate information for decision-
making.
Held monthly meetings with senior management to provide updates on all team projects, roadblocks and recommended solutions.
02/2002
 
to 
09/2007
Client Service Manager
 
Company Name
Built and fostered a proactive workplace environment resulting in a higher level of employee participation and performance.
Supervised a team of seven client service professionals with a primary focus in delivering excellent client service, improving processes, and
leveraging technology.
Partnered with Bankers to collect, analyze, and validate all appropriate due diligence and on-boarding documentation provided by client;
utilized knowledge of AML/KYC policy to independently identify missing or insufficient client due diligence information.
Responsible for reviewing, entering and approving client information in KYC database, conducting OFAC reviews, and escalating findings.
Extensive client contact in partnership with the Bankers to resolve customer concerns in regards to demand deposit accounts, short-term
investments, funds transfers, and sales opportunities.
Actively monitored service delivery for all Services / Product to client (via MIS, internal meetings, and client meetings).
Gregorio Luna, page 2.
Education
2003
Bachelor of Professional Studies
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
DeVry Institute of Technology
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
Computer Information Systems
1989
Associate
 
: 
Applied Science - Business Management and administration
 
Kingsborough Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Applied Science -
Business Management and administration
Skills
Adobe products, Photoshop, interpersonal and communication, oral, Credit, critical thinking, resolve customer concerns, client, clients, database,
decision-making, delivery, documentation, due diligence, Employee relations, senior management, fast, focus, Front Office, functional, funds, hiring,Illustrator, investments, legal, management reporting, meetings, Excel, Money, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Word, MIS,
organizational, page 2, performance management, policies, problem solving, processes, improving processes, Quality Assurance, Real Estate,
sales, self-starter, Spanish fluency, time management, written