ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Creative, active with a prove ability to manage multiple tasks seeking a position whereby my personal & technical skills can be applied &
developed. The ability to screen candidates to ensure of the qualifications. The ability of negotiating salaries and preparing job offers. Conducting
appropriate investigation such as calling references and performing a background check. Conducting orientation sessions with new employees. Set
KPIs and job description for each position. Ability to manage employers' benefits programs. Manage all types of leaves like annual, sick, maternity
or casual leaves using very advanced systematic methods with full analysis. Preparing and performing the induction training to new employers. The
ability of preparing periodic quizzes which used to evaluate product knowledge. Communicating job vacancies and preparing required assessment.
Set performances drivers to be allied with organization goals. Excellent understanding & applying for Company Objectives, Strategy &
Organization Culture. Excellent Skills in conflict resolving. Excellent Ability to Identify Personal Differences & Build tailored development Plan.
Excellent Ability to train and guide groups of different backgrounds & Adapt different Cultures. Excellent Ability to identify relationship between
different & unrelated aspects. Excellent Ability to Identify Potentials, Design & Conduct Development plan. Excellent Ability to lead low
performers into the track. Excellent Ability to rewrite the rules & reach Exceptional Decisions. Ability to Set & Develop Business Quality Bench
marks. Excellent Awareness & applying for Customers Handling Techniques. Ability to Assess Trade Zone Potentiality & Set Proper Sales
Tactics. Excellent Ability to Identify Products & Services Advantages & train the team by the best-selling techniques. Excellent Ability to Identify
Risk & eliminate Process gaps that may cause fraud cases. Auditory Understanding for Vodafone Application. Excellent Listening Skills. Excellent
Reporting Skills. Excellent Presentation Skills. Goal Oriented Excellent Communication Skills Vocal & Mailing.
Highlights
Master of International Business Administration [MIBA] (Ongoing [ESLSCA])
Microsoft Office [Word, Excel, Access, Power point, Outlook].
Microsoft Visual Studio (Visual Basic 6.0, Visual Basic .Net)
Build & design web pages and desktop applications. Department: HR.
Experience
Accountant
 
November 2001
 
to 
June 2004
 
Company Name
Liaising and networking with a range of stakeholders including customers, colleagues, suppliers and partner organizations; communicating
with target audiences and managing customer relationships; sourcing advertising opportunities and placing adverts in the press - local,
regional, national and specialist publications - or on the radio, depending on the organization and the campaign; managing the production of
marketing materials, including leaflets, posters, flyers, newsletters, e-newsletters and DVDs; Ability to classify customers based on
geographic and cluster basis.
Writing and proofreading copy.
The ability to implement the forecasting based on the newest theories.
liaising with designers and printers; organizing photo shoots; arranging for the effective distribution of marketing materials; maintaining and
updating customer databases; organizing and attending events such as conferences, seminars, receptions and exhibitions; sourcing and
securing sponsorship; conducting market research such as customer questionnaires and focus groups; contributing to, and developing,
marketing plans and strategies; Managing budgets.
Evaluating marketing campaigns.
Monitoring competitor activity.
Supporting the marketing manager and other colleagues.
Customer service representative
 
June 2004
 
to 
November 2006
 
Company Name
Retail Supervisor
 
December 2006
 
to 
September 2008
Back office Trainer for new hiring retailers till 
Nov 2009 Operation Support to analysis retail stores' figures.
Set action plans for improvement.
Tracking warehouse stock.
Training & development dep.
Set evaluation system.
train new hiring staff on company policy, persuaders, product knowledge, applications, and Handling customers.
Join Vodafone retail academy team as certified trainer.
Cascade retail academy training material ( How to achieve sales target, How to Handle angry Customers, How to inspire your team, How
to motivate low performance people, How to prepare sufficient forecasting, How to use mindset positively.
Assistant store manager 
Prepare monthly and annually reports, finding new and professional ideas to achieve sales target.Motivate staff members , Inspiring and supporting them to achieve their KPIs.
Set required action plans to determined improvement areas and evaluating progress.
Compare store KPIs sales target achievement, customer experience score (NPS) , Mystery Shopper score, 
Number of people
achievement , Number of complaints.
Education
Middle East Language School (MES)
 
Faculty of commerce, Alexandria University, Accounting Dept.
Master of International Business Administration
 
Vodafone Retail Academy MIBA ESLSCA
Oxford Business School
 
GPA: 
3 years at First Egypt "Vodafone Partner".
 
3 years at First Egypt "Vodafone Partner".
Certifications
COURSES & CERTIFICATIONS 
Strategic Human Resource Management [HRM] (Oxford Business School) Microsoft Certified Professional
[MCP] (Microsoft) Vodafone Best Retailer (Vodafone)
Personal Information
Possessing solid knowledge of business finance, training and development backed up with superior communication, computer & presentation skills.
Have intensive experience in handling customer needs & complaints, keen to work both. Date of Birth : 
20 Sep -1978 Marital Status: 
Married.
Military Status: 
Exempted.
Skills
Visual Basic .Net, Accounting, photo, advertising, Arabic, budgets, business administration, conferences, databases, English, exhibitions, Fast,
focus, forecasting, French, hiring, Human Resource, HR, International Business, Managing, marketing plans, market research, marketing,
marketing materials, MBA, Access, Back office, Microsoft Certified Professional, MCP, Excel, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Power point, Word,
networking, newsletters, organizing, posters, press, printers, progress, proofreading, publications, radio, Retail, sales, seminars, Strategic, Trainer,
typing, Visual Basic 6.0, Microsoft Visual Studio, web pages, written
Additional Information
PERSONAL INFORMATION PERSONAL INFORMATION Possessing solid knowledge of business finance, training and
development backed up with superior communication, computer & presentation skills. Have intensive experience in handling customer
needs & complaints, keen to work both. Date of Birth : 
20 Sep -1978 Marital Status: 
Married. Military Status: 
Exempted.