FULL TIME STUDENT/INTERN
Summary
Tank Platoon Sergeant with twenty-four years of dedicated military service with the U.S. Army; two years' experience as a qualified trainer and
instructor at the U.S. Army Armor School; successfully managed diverse groups of employees. My present position has facilitated the learning of
the importance of providing timely support and services while managing a multitude of tasks. Assisted in the conduct of program orientations for
large and small groups, complete individual mentoring of students, analyzed and synthesized data and information, wrote clear and concise reports,
and effectively communicated with the staff, students and many members of a multidisciplinary team. Career supported by a recent completion of a
Bachelors' Degree in Social Work. Team Building Personnel Management Inventory/Supply Management Time Management Training Evaluation
Safety/Risk Management Inner-agency Coordination Training and Development Policy Implementation Needs Assessment Curriculum
Development Organization/Communication Research/Analysis Microsoft Word, Power Point, Excel
Accomplishments
Graduated with Honors with a 3.69 GPA from the University of Louisville with a Bachelor's Degree in Social Work. Completed 560 hours
of Social Work Practicum Internship with the Fort Knox Warrior Transition Center.
BSW Cum Laude - 2015
Bronze Star/Meritorious Service Medal (2)/ARCOM (11)/AAM (7)/Overseas Service Medal (4)/National Defense (2)/NCO Professional
Development Ribbon (4)/Southwest Asia Service Medal/Liberation of Kuwait/Defense of Saudi Arabia/Operation Iraqi Freedom/Korean
National Defense Ribbon/Army Service Ribbon
Experience
Full Time Student/Intern
 
Jan 2013
 
to 
Jan 2015
 
Company Name
Graduated with Honors with a 3.69 GPA from the University of Louisville with a Bachelor's Degree in Social Work. Completed 560 hours of
Social Work Practicum Internship with the Fort Knox Warrior Transition Center.
Associate of Arts Degree Conferred
 
May 2011
 
to 
Dec 2012
 
Company Name
Instructor/Writer AOBC
 
Jan 2009
 
to 
Jan 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Primary instructor with an Army Training Program for the Active Component (AC) and Reserve Component (RC) on virtual simulations for
Convoy Operations, anti-Ambush procedures, and additional training scenarios. Trained and evaluated the organizational effectiveness of units
using virtual or constructive simulations. Planned and conducted training exercises in support of Army National Guard and Reserve Component
units preparing for movement overseas. Made recommendations for training support package development change, additions and deletions based
on new guidance and policy. Designed, developed, proofed and implemented constructive simulation training exercises. Advised organization
managers, supervisors and instructors on the methodology and instrumental procedures needed for training and evaluations. Developed, evaluated,
and analyzed written and oral performance diagnostic evaluations, conducted counseling and remedial instruction. Planned, coordinated, and
supervised the daily activities of five staff members supervising a personnel holding organization of over 120 personnel. Supervised operations, and
liaison activities; wrote routine and special reports, commendations, and operations plans. Prepared and edited training plans and coordinated and
implemented training programs; directed on-the-job training. Assisted in briefings, presentations, and presenting instruction to large groups.
Provided formal and informal counseling to individuals and groups; maintained computerized data file on past and future planned activities;
provided daily briefing to staff members; and maintains computerized personnel data files, job evaluations, and awards. Provided professional
training sessions to over 260 junior level managers (Armor and Cavalry officers); coordinated inter-agency usage of various training aids and
facilities. Ensured lesson plans, training materials, and equipment required for training were present, current, and operational to teach assigned units
of instruction.
Education
BSW
 
, 
Social Work
 
2015
 
University of Louisville
University of Louisville BSW Cum Laude - 2015
Associate Arts
 
, 
Under Graduate Studies
 
2012
 
Central Texas College
Central Texas College Associate Arts - 2012
Presentations
Planned, coordinated, and supervised the daily activities of five staff members responsible for over 120 personnel. Supervised operations, and
liaison activities; wrote routine and special reports, commendations, and operations plans. Prepared and edited training plans and coordinated and
implemented training programs; directed on-the-job training. Assisted in briefings, presentations, and demonstrations presenting instruction to small
and large groups of service members and their families.
Skills
Training, Operations, Instructor, Simulation, Liaison, Training Programs, Case Management, Armor, Instructional Training, Testing, Associate,
Excel, Inventory, Mentoring, Microsoft Word, Needs Assessment, Personnel Management, Risk Management, Team Building, Time
Management, Trading, Word