MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Summary
5 years and 9 months experience as Mechanical Engineer in the operation and maintenance of boilers, swimming pools, deep well pumping stations
and incinerators. 10 years experience as Mechanical Engineer/ Section Head in the operation and maintenance of water treatment plants, sewage
treatment plants, sewage lifting stations, deep well pumping stations, swimming pools, raw water pumping and distribution stations. 7 years
experience as lead man in the operation and maintenance of Gas Turbine Power Plant. 2 years experience as sewage treatment plant operator. 1.5
years experience as diesel generator set operator. 2 years 9 months experience as merchant ship electrician. 1 year experience as assistant
electrician/wiper in merchant ship. 1 year experience as textile weaving supervisor.
Highlights
Pump and piping systems
Motor Control Panel
Operation and maintenance of sewage treatment plants and sewage
lifting stations.
Operation and maintenance of Reverse Osmosis plant, with PLC
controls
Operation and maintenance of Swimming Pools.
Operation and maintenance of boilers, incinerator, and Gas Turbine
Power plant.
Operation and maintenance of Deep well pumping station.
Operation and maintenance of diesel engine driven generator
sets power plant.
Accomplishments
Our ship was in trouble when the right terminal shaft of the woodward governor that connects the governor to the injection pumps was
broken while we were Somewhat near the Aleutian island in Alaska. The emergency speed of the ship was activated but that is too slow. I
suggested to modified the linkage connection by using the left side terminal shaft of the governor. Then we were able to reach safely the port
of Ketchikan, Alaska.
When the power turbine blades of one of our Gas Turbine Engine 
were all broken, our chief Engineer asked me if we can replace it? This
procedure were never done before me. I studied the video and bought a hydraulic jack and fabricate special tools so that we can separate
the compressor from the combustion chamber. We recorded the hydraulic pressure when we had loosen the nut of the long stud bolt that
hold the compressor and the combustion chamber, we used the same pressure when we put it back.
There was a power outage, after the resumption of the power supply we lost the program of the PLC that controls our reverse osmosis
plant.Since we don't have the program, we temporary
convert the control by installing relays, magnetic contactors and
timers and rewire it so that all sensors will function to protect the
equipment and resume our much needed operation.
Experience
Mechanical engineer
 
05/2006
 
to 
03/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Supervise in the Operation and Maintenance of 8 units of boilers, 7 swimming pools, 12 deep wells and 2 incinerators.
Changed the two sand filters and installed new chlorine dosing system on the New infantry 
swimming pool ( size of 
pool 82 feet by 82 feet) .
Installed new deep well pumps and conducted the testing and commissioning.
Monitor the work of the waste water treatment plant contractor in the installation of pumps and machines and also in the testing and
commissioning.
Supervise in the installation of swimming pool pumps, heaters, surface skimmers and in changing the inlet diffusers.
Supervise in the installation of boilers and water softener for a 
small laundry in one of our satellite camp.
Mechanical Engineer / Section Head
 
11/1995
 
to 
01/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Over all in-charge in the operation and maintenance of 6 water treatment plants, 2 waste water treatment plants, 8 sewage lifting stations, 15
deep well pumping stations and 2 swimming pools.
Supervise in the excavation and installation of sewer line from the workers accommodation up to the waste water treatment plant with two
lifting stations.
Monitor and supervise in the excavation and installation of uPVC pipes for potable water and irrigation water in the officers housing Villas.
Replacing the old corroded and weak pipes.
Review all the proposals of the different contractor for the new 2 water treatment plants and submit recommendations to the officer in-
charge.Check our daily, weekly and monthly reports that includes also the water analysis of the raw and product waters of the waste water
treatment plants and the water treatment plants.
Inspect the work of the contractor that digs and bore new wells and also in the installation, testing and commissioning of deep well pumps.
Education
Graduate
 
: 
Mechanical Engineering course
 
1973
 
FEATI UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
Philippines
 
Mechanical Engineering course
Affiliations
Former member of Philippine Society of Mechanical Engineers
Skills
Electro/Mechanical Skill, Trouble shooting, installation of pipes and pumps, problem solver, design of controls for pumps and motors. installation
of swimming pool heaters.