HR GENERALIST
Professional Profile
Responsible administrative support professional with extensive experience in Project Management and Finance environments. Organized and
detail-oriented with strengths in project management and inventory control. 
Certified Professional in Human Resources (PHR) with additional state
certification from US Armed Forces offering a 9 year HR career distinguished by commended performance and proven results. Extensive
background in HR generalist affairs, including experience in employee recruitment and retention, staff development, mediation, conflict resolution,
benefits and compensation, HR records management, HR policies development and legal compliance. Demonstrated success in negotiating win win
compromises, developing teambuilding programs, and writing personnel manuals, corporate policies, job descriptions and management reports.
Qualifications
Staff Recruitment & Retention 
Employee Relations 
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) 
Benefits Administration 
HR Program/Project
Management 
Orientation & OnBoarding 
HRIS Technologies 
Training & Development 
Performance Management 
Organizational Development
HRIS applications (UltiPro, PeopleSoft Enterprise Human Resources, ADP) 
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)
Relevant Experience
Improved department efficiency 
80Â 
 % through implementation of strategic workflow and process improvements. 
Managed major office
relocation with only one day of downtime.
 Improved department efficiency 80% through implementation of strategic workflow and process
improvements.
Experience
HR Generalist
 
12/2004
 
to 
01/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provides voice and data communications systems for small and midsized companies.
2004 present Recruited to help open new company Â HR branch in Â Germany guiding the startup and management of a full spectrum of
HR operations, systems and programs.
Worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures recruit employees create group benefits databases and develop
orientation, training and incentive programs.
Manage leave of absence programs and personnel records administer benefits enrollment and programs administer HR budget and handle
HR generalist workplace issues.
Key Results: 
Played a key role in ensuring the successful launch of US Â Army office.
Structured and implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, 
compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new
employee 
orientation.
Fostered a teamwork/open door environment conducive to positive dialogue 
across the organization.
Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind 
branch's employee retention rate of 89% within an industry where high 
turnover is the
norm.
Negotiated approximately 50 salary offers and dozens of sign on 
bonuses/relocation packages annually at both the exempt and nonexempt
level.
Brought workers' compensation program into full compliance.
Instituted 
preferred providers list and trained managers and associates on procedures to 
follow in case of injury.
Reduced benefits costs by 15% annually through meticulous recordkeeping 
and ensuring that company did not pay for benefits for which
employees were 
ineligible.
Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, 
code of conduct, FMLA policy and benefits information.
Introduced company's first formal performance review program, creating a 
flexible and well received tool that was later adopted company
wide.
Revised job descriptions across all levels and 50+ categories.
Shadowed" and 
interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills 
required for each position.
Supervisor
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Leading home healthcare company employing 4,500 professionals.
HR Representative
 
Company Name
HR Assistant
Promoted to fulfill a broad range of HR functions, including recruiting and training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary
action and managing HR records.
Cochaired annual flexenrollment meetings, resolved conflicts between employees and insurance carriers, coordinated health fairs to promote
employee wellness and performed exit interviews.
Key Results: 
Trained 25member management team on interviewing techniques and best 
practices, conducting workshops and oneonone
coaching sessions that 
contributed to sound hiring decisions.
Codeveloped company's firstever standardized disciplinary procedures and 
tracking system that insulated company from legal risk and
ensured consistent 
and fair discipline processes.
Devised creative and costeffective incentive and moraleboosting programs 
(including special events and a tiered awards structure) that
increased 
employee satisfaction and productivity.
Reworked newhire orientation program to include HR information and 
company resources.
Saved company thousands of dollars every month by reducing reliance on 
employment agencies.
Brought the majority of formerly outsourced recruiting 
functions inhouse to reduce billable hours from 200+ to less than 15 per 
month.Education
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Business Administration
 
2016
 
Ecotect Institute
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
Worked concurrently during college as
a sales rep and team supervisor for 
ABC Video Store.
Affiliations
Complete ongoing training in the areas of compensation and benefits, 
employee and labor relations, leaves of absence, workers' compensation and
workplace safety/security.
Skills
ABC, ADP, ADR, benefits, Benefits Administration, budget, coaching, US Army databases, driving, Employee Relations, training 
employees,
special events, senior management, hiring, home healthcare, HRIS, Human Resources, HR, insurance, legal, managing, meetings, Access, Excel,
MS Office, office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Enterprise, Organizational Development, PeopleSoft, Performance Management, personnel,
policies, processes, Project Management, Recruitment, recruiting, sales, sound, Structured, supervisor, teamwork, Video, voice and data,
workshops