VZW CUSTOMER TECH ADVOCATE
Overview
Flexible, independent, self motivated and effective leading contributor of the FOA/FSA Team, customer focused with high understanding of
external customer needs. 
Strong planning, organizing, decision making capability with good leadership skills, motivating others in achieving high
quality results on time as required. 
Shares opinion and ideas freely, and willing to support other team members in succeeding. 
Good technical skills
with understanding of network wireless technical concepts. 
Eager in learning new concepts quickly. 
Friendly demeanor that is easy to work with
and approachable. 
Excellent communication and negotiation skills. 
Ability to work with key personnel across multiple organizations
Core Qualifications
Over 18 years wireless experience. 
3 years of RF Optimization and 8 years of CDMA Cell FOA (First Office Application), working on
multiple customer assignments. 
1.5 years of Network Level Testing. 
Over 3 years of experience as an LTE FSA engineer.
Over 2 years VzW Customer Tech Advocate working with Verizon Headquarter and NOKIA support team. 
Over 3 years of experience
as an LTE FSA engineer, 1.5 years of LTE Network Level Testing, 3 years of RF Optimization and 8 years of CDMA Cell FOA (First
Office Application), working on multiple customer assignments.
Central point of contact for the customer on technical issues, coordinating the determination of root causes and implementing corrective
action plans. 
Team with NOKIA Account Teams, Program Managers, and other Customer Technical Advocates to understand and
facilitate customer-supplier management processes.
Led numerous major CDMA and 1xEVDO cell software releases for FOA. 
Led Sprint 4.0 and 5.0; VzW FSA for LR13.1 software
release.
Contributed to the successful completion of several critical milestones for Alcatel-Lucent such as SBEVM, SBEVMm, 3G-1X, Modcells
1.0 - 4.0, 1XEV-DO Rev-0 Rev-A, Intelligent Antenna, SUA, BTS 8440 (4.0B Macrocell product with MCPA), 3-Carrier DO,
CPRI/RF Head Development for PCS and AWS Microsoft Office Suites, LDat, MapInfo, UNIX, SPO (System Performance
Optimization Tool), Transcend, Qualcomm Data collection software (CAIT, Friendly Viewer, QXDM, QPST, QCAT),
Watchmark/Prospect, and COOL.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
VzW Customer Tech Advocate
 
February 1964
 
to 
February 1964
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for providing technical consultations for VzW HQ team, and interfacing into the ALU Development communities, advocating
VzW requirements and new feature requests.
Facilitate ALU team issues, projects, and communications with customer Verizon Wireless as it relates to the LTE program Assume
responsibility in Pre Deployment, Deployment, Post Deployment, and Common Support Processes Partner with FSA and PM team on
testing and deployment activities Advocate customer interests within Alcatel-Lucent; foster understanding of customer initiatives within
Alcatel-Lucent; lead technical meetings with the customer; own resolution on behalf of customer of key technical issues Use understanding
of customer's entire network and their solution to make recommendations; support customer in user group meetings.
Cell First Office Application Engineer FOA Engineer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Team led for FOA cell software release for CDMA and EVDO for R16.11, R17.12, R19.0, R21.0, R23.0, R25.0, R26.01, R27.0,
R27.05, R28.04, 31.0 and 31.10.
Lead duties consist of: As the primary interface between the customer, the project team, and any internal/external partners participating in
the project.
Introduction of new cell software releases and features into a live market, product management, analyzing customer network prior to FOA
execution, and verification of new software load compatibility for a commercial system.
Project managed all activities in preparation of the FOA and during FOA.
Maintain schedule and staffing to ensure exit criterions are achieved on time and with high quality.
Work in partnership with cross functional internal Alcatel-Lucent team in documenting, and identifying issues prior to the introduction of the
new products into a live network.
Collaborate with various FOA teams, and customer team to share information, and coordinate weekly sites schedules.
Work with Alcatel-Lucent development and test team in reviewing requirements, documenting problems found during field execution,
solving field issues such as software and hardware problems, as well as reviewing validation results, and verifying field problem fixes.
Negotiate mutually beneficial resolutions to FOA found issues within internal (ALU) and external (customer) project meetings.
Work directly with customer documentation teams to develop high quality customer documentation.
Construct daily project status reports shared with senior management and the customer.
In lab testing of validation plan prior to FOA execution to obtain the technical expertise required to demonstrate the new functionality in a
live customer network.
Develop field test plan and strategies for OA&M and call processing scenarios for new feature functionality to meet system requirements
and customer expectations, live customer on site implementation of validation plan, and documentation of validation results.
Collaborate with product management in the planning and implementation of the FOA deployment.
Provide on site test support to multiple customers, isolate and debug FOA problems, and perform HW/SW system upgrade as necessary.
Support multiple internal teams for optimization & troubleshooting of field issues.
Continuously utilizing RF Optimization skills by using identical software in validating new features similar to RF Optimization.
RF Optimization Engineer
 
September 1997
 
to 
May 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
StateLed project planning to attain exit criteria goals for CAT/TAC (Communications Authority of Thailand/ Total Access Communications) in
Bangkok; Phil Tel, Philippines; TelCel, Caracas, Valencia & Maracay, Seven Cities, Nine Cities and Second Carrier Project in Venezuela
customers for newly deployed mobile base stations.
Lead duties included planning control routes and supervising and scheduling five teams for drive testing to gather RF data.
Executed RF Optimization duties such as collecting, plotting, and analyzing data collected from Qualcomm MDM which resulted in updating
database properties and the base station, such as orientation and downtilt, to attain better network performance.
Achievements Above and beyond award for FOA Project: 
This award was presented for taking on the responsibility of being the lead on
the FOA despite having only been in the group for a short time.
Received Shining Star Award for Caracas, Valencia and Maracay deployment project and for IFR/Easy Span Spectrum Analyzer
Development Interface.
Received an acknowledgment of active participation and dedication to completingthe CDMA project with CAT/TAC award.
Diversity Day 1999 Hands Across the World Certificate of appreciation award.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Electrical Engineering
 
, 
November 1997
 
Milwaukee School of Engineering
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Electrical Engineering
Professional Affiliations
CDMA Systems, 3G 1x-EVDO Rev-0 and Rev-A, UNIX, WiMax (802.16) Multi-media Class, Agilent Seminar - WiMAX/OFDM in Wireless
Networking, OMC-RAN Hands-On Training and OA&M Hands-On training, LTE bootcamp Languages Fluent in speaking Tagalog (Filipino
Language) and Bisaya (Filipino Dialect)
Skills
3G, BTS, Central point of contact, hardware, data collection, database, documentation, engineer, senior management, features, FSA, functional,
lab testing, lab test, leadership, MapInfo, market, meetings, Access, Office, Microsoft Office Suites, works, Network, networks, Optimization,
Processes, product management, project planning, quality, Radio, scheduling, Spectrum Analyzer, staffing, supervising, supplier management, team
player, telecom, troubleshooting, type, UNIX, upgrade, validation