GENERAL ACCOUNTANT
Professional Summary
I have around 6 years experiences in the field of Accounting & banking works, with Egyptians and foreign companies, I'm really honored to
introduce myself as a hardworking, good Communication skills, with the highest level of integrity, honesty, loyalty, strong beliefs, goal orientated,
sober habits and the desire to produce the best of the work.
Areas of Expertise
Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghafar Ahmed) Final accounts and Balance Sheet Ability to deal with the accounting program (QuickBooks). Ability to make
the financial statements, accounting cycle by excel. Skill with Microsoft word. Skillfulness with computer.
Work Experience
06/2014
 
to 
10/2016
Company Name
Completion of opening customer account using National bank of Egypt system.
Checking requests for opening an account and make sure it's compatible with the Egyptian standards for opening an account.
Serving 50 branches per day and complete nearly 500 accounts per day.
Customer Service at Green Towers Egypt, Alexandria.
03/2013
 
to 
05/2014
Dealing directly with customers either by telephone, electronically or face to face.
Respond promptly to customer inquiries.
Handle and resolve customer complaints.
Provide pricing and delivery information.
Set up new customer accounts.
1|Page.
E-mail:Hassan_aly1014@yahoo.com 
Mobile phone :( +2) 01207673477 Process orders, forms, applications and requests.
Organize workflow to meet customer timeframes.
Manage customers' accounts.
Keep records of customer interactions and transactions.
Record details of inquiries, comments and complaints.
Record details of actions taken.
Maintain customer databases.
10/2011
 
to 
02/2013
General Accountant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Job Description:.
Preparation of Financial and accounting reports and their presentation to the Financial Manager.
Prepare reports weekly and monthly for revenues and expense.
Prepare journal entries.
Complete general ledger operations.
Account/bank reconciliations.
Review and process expense reports.
Assist with preparation and coordination of the audit process.
08/2010
 
to 
09/2011
General Accountant
 
Company Name
Job Description:.
Preparation of Financial and accounting reports and their presentation to the Financial Manager.
Prepare reports weekly and monthly for revenues and expense.
Prepare journal entries.
Complete general ledger operations.
Account/bank reconciliations.
Courses: Has fulfilled all requirements for final accounts and Balance Sheet and contracting accounts in guide for accountant center with
grade excellent.
Education
May 2010
Trained as Accountant in Walid Hamdy Hashem office for Account solution from Jan
 
Alexandria University
Personal Information
Full Name: Hassan Aly Aboulela Marital Status: Single. Military Status: Exempted
Languages
Arabic mother tongue. Good in both written and spoken English.
Skills
accounting, Accountant, Arabic, Balance Sheet, bank reconciliations, com, resolve customer complaints, Customer Service, databases, delivery,E-mail, English, expense reports, Financial, Financial and accounting, financial statements, forms, general ledger, Lecturer, excel, office, Microsoft
word, Page, pricing, QuickBooks, telephone, phone, workflow, written
Additional Information
Personal details: Full Name: Hassan Aly Aboulela Marital Status: Single. Military Status: Exempted
3|Page