PATIENT CARE TECHNICIAN
Summary
Enthusiastic and hardworking nursing school graduate. Graduated Salutatorian and Magna Cum Lauda from Chamberlain University. My can-do
attitude has led me to be a valued member to all my prior employers. I am extremely dedicated and always strive to provide the best service
possible, one that I can proudly put my name on. I understand the importance of getting the job done correctly the first time, and in a timely
manner. I will be a strong advocate for my patients and for the healthcare team I work for.
Experience
12/2016
 
to 
07/2017
Patient Care Technician
Interviewed patients, measured vital signs, and documented all information on patients' EMR.
Assisted nurses in pre-and postoperative therapy with treatments; inserting and discontinuing Foley catheter, discontinuing IV catheters, and
maintaining IV fluids.
Collected and prepared laboratory specimens, preformed glucose monitoring.
Transported patients via wheel chairs and stretcher, assisted patients to ambulate around the unit.
Notified nurses of any conditional changes of patients in my care.
Provided care and comfort to all patients, ensuring the best possible care.
06/2010
 
to 
12/2014
Server
 
Company Name
Assisted patrons during selection of food and beverages by presenting menu, and offering recommendations.
Transmitted orders to bar and kitchen by recording patrons' choices; identified patrons' special dietary needs and special requests.
Protected establishment and patrons by adhering to sanitation, safety, and alcohol beverage control policies.
09/2005
 
to 
09/2009
Aviation Electronic Technician
 
Company Name
Drastically reduced aircraft discrepancies by 30% during my tenure with Patrol Squadron Sixteen.
Troubleshot, replaced, and repaired critical electronic equipment on 17 different P-3C aircraft avionic systems.
Responsible for accurate and timely updating of aircraft log books.
Accountable for over 10 junior sailors in my work center.
07/2000
 
to 
08/2005
Company Name
Assisted DVM with medical examinations, triaged incoming patients and managed clients throughout their visit.
Prepared animals for surgery, prepared surgical packs, monitored patients under anesthesia, and assisted Veterinarians during surgical
procedures.
Performed dental procedures, x-rays, lab and bloodwork.
Gave vaccinations, obtained blood samples, and administered medications.
Monitored and appropriately documented patient vital signs and activity.
Clearly communicated instructions to my clients and veterinary assistants.
Education and Training
June 25, 2017
Bachelors of Science Degree
 
: 
Nursing
 
Chamberlain University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Nursing
May 6, 2011
Associates of Arts
 
Florida State College of Jacksonville
Interests
Registered Nurse- State of Florida 
July 18, 2017 
*American Heart Association Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification Preceptorship at UF
HEALTH EMERGENCY DEPARTEMENT: *Stabilized and managed basic life support of high acuity patients. *Triaged patients according to
their acuity. 
*Assessed and collected data on patient health history and current condition. *Coordinated with health care team, including
physicians, pharmacists, and technicians. 
*Initiated corrective action when equipment or patient showed adverse or worsening condition.
*Documented all information concisely, accurately, and according to hospital policies. *Inserted IV catheters, administered IV fluids, and
medications when appropriate. *Collected blood specimens and interpreted lab results. *Collected and prepared laboratory specimens, and
performed glucose monitoring. *Assisted physicians in performing procedures. *Initiated patient education, including how to manage illness/injury
by explaining post treatment home care needs, diet, exercise, self-administration of medication, as well as referrals. Clinical Experience: Over 400
hours UF Health *Transitional Care Unit *Neurological Medical Surgical *Orthopedic Medical Surgical *Labor and Delivery *Neonatal Intensive
Care Unit *Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Step down *Pediatric Emergency Department *Intensive Care Unit Northeast Florida State Hospital
*Mental Health Nursing Memorial Specialty Hospital *Medical Surgical
Skills
anesthesia, C, clients, policies, presenting, recording, safety, surgery, therapy, vital signs, x-rays
Additional Information
Licensure: *Registered Nurse- State of Florida 
July 18, 2017 
*American Heart Association Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification
Preceptorship at UF HEALTH EMERGENCY DEPARTEMENT: *Stabilized and managed basic life support of high acuity patients.*Triaged patients according to their acuity. 
*Assessed and collected data on patient health history and current condition. *Coordinated with
health care team, including physicians, pharmacists, and technicians. 
*Initiated corrective action when equipment or patient showed adverse
or worsening condition. *Documented all information concisely, accurately, and according to hospital policies. *Inserted IV catheters,
administered IV fluids, and medications when appropriate. *Collected blood specimens and interpreted lab results. *Collected and
prepared laboratory specimens, and performed glucose monitoring. *Assisted physicians in performing procedures. *Initiated patient
education, including how to manage illness/injury by explaining post treatment home care needs, diet, exercise, self-administration of
medication, as well as referrals. Clinical Experience: Over 400 hours UF Health *Transitional Care Unit *Neurological Medical Surgical
*Orthopedic Medical Surgical *Labor and Delivery *Neonatal Intensive Care Unit *Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, Step down *Pediatric
Emergency Department *Intensive Care Unit Northeast Florida State Hospital *Mental Health Nursing Memorial Specialty Hospital
*Medical Surgical
Awards: *Salutatorian, and Magna Cum Laude graduate from Chamberlain University. *Honor Graduate: P-3 Electrical Connector and
Wire Repair Organizational Maintenance Course and P-3C Avionics Organizational Level Maintenance Course, Aug. 2006. *Enlisted
Aviation Warfare Specialist, Nov. 3, 2006 *Department of the Navy, Good Conduct Award, Sept. 7, 2007 *Navy and Marine Corps
Achievement Medal, Sept. 6, 2009