FITNESS DIRECTOR
Highlights
Skills Used:
Teamwork, Leadership, Ocean Saftey Knowledge, Customer Service/Hospitality
Basic Japanese Speaking (greetings & customs)
Diamond Jeweler / Executive Protection
Jason Park Diamond 
- Honolulu, HI - July 2014 to October 2014
Responsibilities
Sales of Various Exquisite Diamonds, Rare Gemstones, Sunrise shells and Royal Hawaiian Jewelry from the
Historic Iolani Palace
Provide Personal Security during transportation of Diamonds, Gemstones and or Cash Deposits.
Accomplishments
Assisted in the Start Up and Grand Opening of Jason Park Diamond, Jeweler for the Iolani Palace in Honolulu Hawaii.
Skills Used Knowledge of Characteristics associated with Pricing Diamonds, Rare Gemstones, Sunrise shells.
Tactics and Techniques for Executive Protection and Transportation of High Value Items.
Executive Assistant to CEO / Ambassador Of Pearl Harbor Discover Hawaii Tours 
- Honolulu, HI - July 2012 to April 2014
Responsibilities: Schedule business meetings , times and locations, and coordinate travel arrangements for 1-7 personel Assist with Daily
Operations of company and monitor employee production and operations.
Key player in development of Waikiki Welcome Center economic tour trolley which provides transportation to and from local events while
providing visual advertising for Discover Hawaii Tours.
Maintenance Manager for 108 Tour buses on islands of Hawaii, Maui, Oahu and Kaui.
Responsible for ensuring all vehicle's in company operation have proper Decals and Insurances and comply with federal and state tourism
transportation regulations.
Oversee 18 Tour Drivers ensuring all maintain current TWIC, CDL, Medical and Legal clearances to allow Military Base Access
Coordinated Tour Routes / Schedules for Tour Drivers on site at Pearl Harbor Assist Tourist around Pearl Harbor Act as Liason for
Discover Hawaii Tours with Other Tour Companies.
Prepare Breakfast Boxes for morning tours of 150-300 people Sales Representative / Model RIX Islandwear - Honolulu, HI - February
2011 to January 2012 Responsibilities Sales of Special Brand Men's Only Aloha Shirts.
Opening and Closing Store Cashier / Trainer Inventory Accountability of shipments and Quality Control Supervisor ensuring correct
products arrived free of damages.
Modeled Men's Aloha T Shirts and was featured on 12ft x 5ft poster that was posted in display window of location.
Accomplishments Doubled store location monthly earning of +-$6,500 to +-$13,400.
Experience
Fitness Director
 
August 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage 11 Personal Training Staff ensuring facility offers highest level of safe and effective training along with offering diverse training
programs.
Draft and Submit Payroll for 11 Training Department Employees Bi-weekly Conduct monthly training groups to ensure employees are
following company policy and procedures.
Sell Club Memberships Sell Personal Training Accomplishments: Increased monthly revenue to $32,000 resulting in promotion to Fitness
Director in first 90 days with company.
First month as Fitness Director resulted in $77,800 highest personal training sales on company record surpassing monthly goal of $45,000
by $32,800.
Manager / Safety Advisor
 
January 2012
 
to 
January 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Entrusted with keys and security codes for opening and closing store.
Train New Employees on Daily Operations and review company Policies and Procedures as well as Crew Expectations during
indoctrination process.
Manage Reservation Times for Surf lessons and coordinate ground demonstrations Practice and Demonstrate Water Safety techniques and
maintain a current CPR qualification.
Provide Basic First Aid on daily basis for minor cuts, scrapes, punctures and severe lacerations to injuries that require professional medical
attention.
Aviation Warfare Systems Operator
 
November 2004
 
to 
August 2010
783 Hrs Flight Time as Tactical Helicopter Aircrewman.
Door Gunner: M240D, .50 Cal Gau 16.
Anti Submarine Warfare Systems (Acoustic / Non Acoustic.Airborne Radar Operator / Sensor Operator
 
Written up for Tactical Operator of the Quarter during first deployment.Scored a 394 out of 400 on Search and Rescue Physical Evaluation
of Western Operators and scored 4.0 out of 4.0 on the academic portion of the evaluation.
Awarded for being the only Operator to score that high on entire evaluation of Pacific Navy.Cover page and 4 page article in FUTURES
Magazine, a military recruiting magazine distributed across the nation.
Also Featured on Today'sMilitary.comDiving with a Navy Search-and-Rescue Swimmer: http:// youtu.be/DPNfXayzvL4.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
General Education
 
, 
2004
 
Camden County High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
General Education
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Skills
academic, Basic, Bi, Cash Deposits, closing, CPR, Customer Service, First Aid, FUTURES, http, Japanese, Leadership, Director, Navy,
Communicator, page, Payroll, People Skills, Policies, promotion, Speaking, recruiting, Safety, Sales, Teamwork, training programs, transportation,
Written
Additional Information
Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer
AWARDS National Defense Service Medal December 2004 Awarded for Military Service during a National Emergency or any other
Periods deemed by Secretary of Defense Navy Good Conduct Award November 2008 Exemplary Behavior, Efficiency and Fidelity in
Federal Military Service Global War On Terrorism Expeditionary Medal June 2009 Overseas Direct Service to the Global War on
Terrorism Global War On Terrorism Service Medal June 2009 Direct Support in Service to the Global War on Terrorism Sea Service
Deployment Medal June 2010 90 Consecutive Days Forward Deployed Naval Aircrewman/Aviation Search and Rescue Swimmer August
2008 Naval Aviation Systems Warfare Pin awarded after successful completion of Special Operations Pipeline. Expert Pistol
Marksmanship Medal December 2004 Having Qualified Expert Score Ranking according Naval Standards with a M9 pistol. Expert Rifle
Marksmanship Medal December 2004 Having Qualified Expert Score Ranking according to Naval Standards with M16 / M4 Rifles.
Enlisted Aviation Warfare Pin January 2008