SHELTER ADVOCATE
Summary
Dynamic shelter advocate with years of clerical experience that is great with communication skills and confidentiality. 
I am very experienced with
computers and a tremendous amount of office skills.
Highlights
Crisis intervention and resolution
Complex problem solving skills
Valid Texas driver's license
Reliable transportation
Strong decision maker
Fundraising background
Client engagement
Compassionate
Dedicated patient advocate
Self-starter
Event planning and coordination
Microsoft Office Suite
Accomplishments
Promoted to Lead Teller after 9 months of employment.
Promoted to Assistant Manager at a gas station after being a cashier for 1 month.
Assisted with organizing, planning, and hosting a Candlelight Vigil for the Dove Project, Inc.
Assists with supervising and directing the work of community service workers and volunteers.
Experience
SHELTER ADVOCATE
 
July 2014
 
to 
August 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Tested clients for drug use and referred them to other community resources.
Produced media advisories, brochures, fact sheets, print ads and newsletters.
Promoted healthy habits and practices in outreach materials and presentations.
Charted and recorded information in client files.
Tracked client movement on and off the unit by documenting times and destinations of clients.
Traveled locally and regionally to conferences, workshops and presentations.
Maintained up-to-date and comprehensive electronic and paper filing systems.
Collaborated with local health departments and other community partners.
Educated the public regarding community health resources in correctional facilities, community centers and churches.
Drafted and revised reports, articles and background papers.
Educated clients about treatment options and answered related questions.
Checked facility for open windows, locked doors, malfunctioning smoke detectors and other safety hazards.
Conducted outreach, advocacy and rehabilitative services for regular cases and crisis intervention.
MUNICIPAL COURT CLERK
 
January 2014
 
to 
March 2014
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Processed summons, subpoenas, appeals and motions.
Drafted legal papers including complaints, summons and interrogatories.
Gathered and analyzed research data regarding statutes, decisions, legal articles and codes.
Investigated facts and law of cases using pertinent sources to determine causes of action and to prepare cases.
Mailed and arranged for delivery of legal correspondence to clients, witnesses and court officials.
Organized and maintained law libraries, documents and case files.
Photocopied all correspondence, documents and other printed materials.
Processed and distributed invoices to bill clients.
Composed and revised legal documents, including letters, depositions and court documents.
Created and tracked all expenses and client account codes
Recorded and monitored court appearance dates.
LEAD TELLER
 
June 2012
 
to 
August 2013
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Established new customer accounts including checking, savings, lines of credit and loans.
Processed sales referrals and promoted bank services and products.
Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.
Assembled in-store marketing displays.
Processed cash withdrawals.
Trained employees on cash drawer operation.
Adhered to Wells Fargo security and audit procedures.
Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.Examined checks for identification and endorsement.
Supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed.
Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.
Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.
Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
General
 
, 
2000
 
Jefferson City High School
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Cole
Top 10% of class
Coursework in Business, Communications and Advertising
Coursework in Accounting 1 & 2
3.4 GPA
Coursework includes Human Computer Interaction
C
 oursework in Technical and Professional Writing
Select 
One
Skills
10 key, adding machine, approach, agency, banking, basic, bonds, case management, cash handling, clerical, conflict resolution, Copying,
counseling, crisis intervention, client, clients, customer service, data entry, driving, Trains employees, Faxing, Filing, financial, forms, fundraising,
law enforcement, legal, letters, Director, meetings, access, microsoft excel, money, office, PowerPoint, microsoft word, works, multi-tasking,
Organizing, Personnel, Police, policies, presentations, public relations, receiving, record keeping, recruiting, reporting, researching, safety,
Scanning, secretarial, statistics, supervisor, Supervisory, supervising, taking messages, phone, typing 65 wpm, warrants