G
HEALTHCARE RECRUITER
Skills
ads, autism, benefits, billing, Coach, Coaching, client, clients, data processing, delivery, drivers, Filing, Financial statements, hiring, inventory,
managing, meetings, access, office, network, networking, payroll, Personal Coaching, presentations, Pricing, Psychology, recruiting, researching,
Research, sales, seminars, staffing, Phone, Workshops
Experience
Healthcare Recruiter
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jul 2016
 
to 
Mar 2017
Managed full cycle recruiting process to meet staffing goals.
Developed strong relationships and partnered with hiring manager, to maximize effectiveness of recruiting process.
Tracked and reported key metrics.
Partnered with hiring manager and interview teams to ensure job requirements were clearly understood.
Presented candidates and coordinated the interview process.
Built a network and pipeline of healthcare professionals that matched hospital partners culture.
Sourced and screened candidates to meet the high volume of open positions.
Professional Recruiting Specialist
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jun 2013
 
to 
Dec 2015
Sought, interviewed, reference checked and placed contract employees that completely satisfied the client requirements.
Built contract employee workforce through ads, career fairs, social media relationships, and networking.
Took personal responsibility for and met all individual activity goals of entire division.
Actively participated in all team meetings; actively shared ideas and concepts.
Communicated with clients regarding specific job orders, candidate submissions and other candidate matters (conference calls, etc...).
Continuously explored new recruiting sources, job boards, and forums to assist the recruiters in growing their candidate pools, as well as
providing the sales team with business leads.
Actively participated in networking groups and other business and community programs to increase skill knowledge.
Ensured all hiring paperwork was completed thoroughly including I-9's for all new hires as well as, drugtests and background checks when
required by the client.
Pricing Coordinator/ Phone Representative
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jan 2010
 
to 
Apr 2013
Processed field partner's requests for pricing with accuracy, promptness and diligence.
Entered pricing into system with efficiency to ensure timely delivery of product.
Served as contact pricing support for assigned pricing groups; answering specific emails and researching questions regarding accurate
pricing for customers.
Assisted team members with keying pricing per deadlines.
One of four Override Phone Team members of the first dedicated Pricing phone team.
Chosen to assist delivery drivers with override code needed to make deliveries of product to customers, successfully handled on average
150-185 calls per day.
Efficiently researched pricing codes for accuracy.
Maintained polite, respectful, courteous attitude, while displaying keen understanding to the demands of the driver's schedules.
Administrative Assistant/Billing Specialist
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Aug 2005
 
to 
Nov 2008
Managed accounts for 7 loan officers- collected, reviewed and processed employee payroll timesheets; completed monthly billing
worksheets, completed expense projections for office, completed data processing.
Maintained inventory, placed orders for office, reordered items per need.
Set-up customer meetings in office.
Organized conference room for presentations and meetings.
Assisted with coalition of loan applications.
Set up candidate meetings; prepared agendas and packets.
Drafted and typed outgoing correspondence for clients.
Answered front desk calls regarding loan questions and procedures.
Financial statements: Reconciled Bank accounts and ran.
financial statements for all properties.
Delinquencies: Posted charges (late fees and interest) for 
delinquent tenants, mailed out delinquent statements to tenants.
Provided delinquency report to property manager.
Filing: Maintained cohesive filing system for easy access to information.
Adhered to strict deadline schedule, managing several projects with ease.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Psychology
 
VIRGINIA STATE UNIVERSITY
 
2002
 
City
 
, 
State
 
PsychologyGeneral Psychology, Early Education Psychology, Adolescent Psychology, Developmental Psychology, Psychology of Learning, Psychological
Testing, Abnormal Psychology, Sensation & Perception, Social Psychology, Psychological Research, Experimental Psychology.
 
Completed
Student Work Study Assignment at The Children's House on the campus of VSU. Administered standardized intelligence, aptitude and personality
assessment tests to children in the local community referred by local Pediatricians. *Provided accurate and efficient results. Maintained composure
with difficult or challenging patients, using the testing techniques to monitor and control all situations *Learned benefits of pediatric
neuropsychological tests *Had the privilege of working with children diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder, ADHD, and ADD *Completed
work study program upon Graduation, working in this program for four years, including Summers.
Certified Life Coach EXPERT RATING-ONLINE PROGRAM
 
2017
 
Certified with specialization in Career Coaching, Personal Coaching,
Relationship Coaching. Virtual, face to face, and conference call services provided. Workshops and seminars also offered