TERRITORY SALES CONSULTANT
Career Focus
Talented sales professional who effectively multi-tasks and consistently achieves and exceeds business objectives with a customer-centric
approach. Develops long-term relationships and establishes loyalty with customers. Ability to adapt to an evolving marketplace and grow with new
roles and responsibilities.
Summary of Skills
Background in GPO and formulary processes Experience in specialty, hospital and primary care sales and injectable medications
Skilled in new product and new indication launches.
Adept in providing in-services and training to clinical staff
Trained in pricing, gross profits and margins.
Broad knowledge of osteoporosis, women&apos;s health, men&apos;s health and musculoskeletal pain. Excellent communication skills.
Customer focused
Highly motivated
Accomplished in relationship selling
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
August 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Territory Sales Consultant
 
City
 
, 
State
In charge of growing a $9 million territory.
Quickly learned a vast array of products, associated terminology, competitors, trends, challenges, reimbursement and government
regulation.
Responsible for long-term relationship building between the customer, Cardinal Health, and other professional organizations (Group
Purchasing Organizations, etc).
Set up trials and provide in-services and training to clinical staff on proper use of various medical products.
Work closely with decision makers in hospital settings (Value Analysis Coordinators, Materials Managers, Clinical Educators, Team Leads,
Contract Managers, Wound Care Nurses, etc).
Provide pricing and savings while maintaining a profitable GP.
Voted MVP of CAST II training.
Finished my first fiscal year at 98.7% to plan, 23.90% growth over previous year, and first on my team.
Company Name
 
January 2007
 
to 
July 2013
 
Pharmaceutical Sales Representative Program Coordinator
 
City
 
, 
State
Strong Sales and Promotional Results: Nominated for Rookie of the Year after a top 11% ranking my first year with Lilly.
Awarded 3 incentive trips for top territory and district sales performance.
Highest average SOM in the district in 2012 following a new indication launch.
Launched 3 new indications for 3 different medications.
Invited to be a part of the Future Marketers of the West and was instrumental in bringing the Future Marketers to the Midwest.
Chosen by management to represent Lilly at a National OB/GYN conference in Chicago.
Recognized as the district Q4 2012 and Q1 2013 Exceptional Customer Experience award winner.
Developed the Unity Champ role to assist in strengthening a new team of sales representatives.
Responsible for Selling a Variety of Disease States and to Multiple Specialties: Built strong relationships with Rheumatologists, Pain
Management specialists and OB/GYNs.
Experience selling all facets of an injectable medication.
Given responsibility for the specialty representatives&apos; territory calling on neurologists and anesthesiologists who treat chronic pain.
Disease state knowledge and selling experience in osteoporosis, women&apos;s health, men&apos;s health and musculoskeletal pain.
Coordinated osteoporosis trainings within clinics.
Mental Health /Licensed Mental Health Practitioner.
Company Name
 
November 1994
 
to 
January 2007
 
Fitness Instructor
 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised and administered the Youth in Crisis program and Youth Assessment Center clinical programs.
Oversight of all aspects of the programs including budget allocation, quality assurance, and training.
Developed and implemented the case management program.
Served as liaison to families and community resources.
Provided individual, group and family therapies in outpatient, residential and detention settings.
Trained clinicians and detention line staff on suicide assessment and crisis intervention.
Farrell&apos;s Extreme Bodyshaping.
Level II Instructor
 
Responsible for leading kickboxing and resistance training classes.
Motivate and inspire participants to improve their fitness level.
Encourage healthy lifestyles through exercise and proper nutrition.Coached 2 separate 10-week session teams to top 3 finishes.
Develop and implement challenges for Farrell&apos;s participants.
Education
University of Nebraska - Lincoln
 
Master of Science
 
: 
Marriage and Family Therapy
 
Marriage and Family Therapy
University of Nebraska - Lincoln
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Human Development
 
Human Development
Professional Affiliations
I am a Licensed Mental Health Practitioner Vice President of the Mesa Verde Townhouse Association 2012-Current Nebraska Juvenile Justice
Association board member 2001-2006 04/2010 to Current Lincoln, NE 1994 Lincoln, NE, USA 1991 Lincoln, NE, USA
Skills
budget, case management, Excellent communication, crisis intervention, government, Materials, Mental Health, 98, OB/GYN, Pain Management,
pricing, primary care, processes, Purchasing, quality assurance, relationship building, Selling, Sales, Wound Care