MANAGER, DIGITAL MARKETING AND COMMUNICATIONS
Objective
Obtain the Health Analytic Consultant position at UnitedHealthcare to further my professional career by continuing to utilize and expand my
analytic, organizational, and interpersonal skills.
Skills
More than 19 years experience in healthcare, business development, marketing and planning analysis.
Develop
 Â and manage website for Advocate Physician Partners regarding their Managed Care and Clinical Integration for Population
Health Management programs. Â 
 
Mined data to provide qualitative and quantitative analysis to key stakeholders, including executive team, regarding business initiatives.
Implement innovative solutions to manage and improve patient health.Â  Strategies include:Â  incorporating wearable apps in patient portal,
telehealth appointments, and online scheduling for immediate care.
Extensive knowledge, skills and experience with technical databases and software, such as Content Management Systems (HTML code),
Google Analytics, Google Adwords, and Microsoft Office:Â  Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, SharePoint, and Word.
 
Professional Experience
Manager, Digital Marketing and Communications
 
Aug 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Project manager of Advocate's new physician profiles. Â 
 51% increase in new patient appointments producing downstream revenue of
32M (based on $1,250/patient). Â 
 
1.3M physician profile views and 46% increase in total calls YoY. Â Launched site in 3 months.
Implemented a benchmark assessment that reviewed and evaluated integrated healthcare systems nationwide. Â Presented executive
summary that outlined results and recommendations on improvements.Â 
Develop data-driven strategies that transform consumer intent into action and drive conversions.
Project manager of AMGdoctors.com. Â 
 23% increase in visits (YoY) and 8% increase pageviews. Â 
 
41% of traffic comes from mobile
devices due to responsive design, social media and ad campaigns. Â 
 
6,648 web appointments were scheduled through AMG doctors.com
in 2015, producing 8.3 million dollars in downstream revenue (based $1,250/patient).
Manager of Advocatedocs.com, Advocate's first digital physician platform providing the latest alerts, policies, and physician referral
database. Â Exponential monthly growth (26%MoM).Â 
Collaborated with managed care team to develop online communications.
Monitor expenditures to ensure implementation of projects are cost effective.
Senior Web Specialist
 
Jun 2007
 
to 
Aug 2014
 
Company Name
Implement and manage continuous improvements based on digital dashboards and market research to increase the effectiveness of
AMGdoctors.com and online marketing initiatives.
Research and implement effective online strategies to optimize Search Engine Optimization (SEO) through page titles, content, layout and
design, meta/alt tags, headings, links, and images.
Develop Google Adwords campaigns by meeting with the customers, conducting research, developing a proposal, developing Google Ads
and keywords, tracking results using Google Analytics, and modifying campaigns to improve results.
Prepare, present, and review reports from a variety of databases within Google Analytics.
Identify, prioritize, and delegate projects to team members.
Project elements include edits and adding content, design layout, project updates, and project review.
Senior Planning Analyst
 
Jan 2006
 
to 
Jun 2007
 
Company Name
Conducted online competitive analysis in order to identify competitor strategies on specific site and system growth initiatives.
Created and presented market assessments and recommendations to executive management based on analytic results.
Analyzed physician loyalty and market share.
Jan 2006
 
to 
Aug 2006
 
Company Name
Interim Director of CRM Data Warehouse. Â Managed CRM Data Warehouse budget for system and hospital initiatives. Â Developed
CRM projects to determine return on investment for the Marketing department and other departments within Strategic Planning and
Growth. Â Identified internal customers' needs, collected data obtaining the customers' objectives using CRM database, and interpreted the
results to assist in strategic planning and marketing.
Developed and conducted CRM training for planning,CRM Analyst and internal customers, which entailed: data sources, relational
databases, setting theories, building filters/queries, creating mail lists, and generating standard reports producing demographic profiles and
encounter analysis for determining ROI.
Created SQL reports using CRM database.
Filtered data from Allegra, IDX, Contact Center Database, Credentialing Office, Physician Lists, and other internal customer/patient sourcelists.
Analyzed and compiled results in an organized report, and presented data for system/departmental strategic planning.
Education
Masters of Science
 
, 
Public Service Management, Healthcare Administration
 
06/04
 
DePaul University
 
Public Service Management, Healthcare
Administration
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Biological Sciences
 
5/96
 
University of Illinois
 
Biological Sciences
Professional Affiliations
Member of the American Marketing Association. Â Member of DePaul University Alumni Association. Â Member of the University of Illinois
Alumni Association.
Awards
2016 BIA/Kelsey GOLOCAL award in sales and revenue
2016 Best Healthcare Provider Integrated Ad Campaign Internet Advertising Award