ENTREPRENEUR GENERAL MANAGER
Summary
Over 17 years' experience in Airport Operations safety and training with an extensive knowledge of the applicable federal rules and regulations
affecting the safe and efficient operations of FAR Part 139 certified airport. Experienced in accident investigation and analysis to develop action
plans and initiatives to address accident trends. 
Experienced in transportation management, and gas station management with a profound ability to
plan, organize, coordinate, prioritize, assign and evaluate the work of subordinate employees. Immense ability to prepare accurate plans cost
estimates, and reports. 
Uncommon ability to make accurate computations and cost projections, Sound ability to communicate effectively, both
orally and in writing and to prepare reports of a complex technical nature. 
Proficient in research, writing, case management and client relations.
Highlights
Collective bargaining techniques
Public policy background
Data collection and analysis
Exceptional organizational skills
Safety policy development
Analytical thinker
Mediation
Project management
Creative problem solver
Contracts
Accomplishments
Planned and implemented an online training that saved thousands of dollars on overtime payments and facilitated the compliance of required
recurrent training programs.
Spearheaded the 0 runway incursions program during a runway renumbering during Miami International airport expansion project, reducing and
eliminating runway incursion during that period.
Implemented an Tug Numbering System critical during tug operations at Miami International Airport.
Experience
11/2011
 
to 
11/2013
Entrepreneur General Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed the daily operations of the gas stations.
Oversaw sales, inventory and staff on a monthly basis.
Conducted and performed inspections of all gas equipment and facilities.
Maintained and obtained a clean and customer friendly environment for various customers.
Enforced and implemented strict policies and procedures regulating the gas stations.
Responsible for hire and managing more than 30 employees.
Oversaw the price management of fuels and merchandise.
Monitored monthly sales, and inventory, prepared monthly cash balance reports for the gas station and convenience store.
Sought, prepared, negotiated and obtained contracts with USAID to deliver food and seeds throughout Haiti.
Created, prepared, and maintained records and documents related to the operation and administration of the delivery of assigned loads, and
prepared reports related to the work.
Conducted researched, evaluated, and make decisions on what mode and route to take for transportation of loads throughout Haiti
Planned, organized, coordinated, prioritized, assigned, and evaluated the work of subordinate's employees.
Coordinated and oversaw the daily operations of the trucks, Prepared and administer the budgets.
Answered inquiries and complaints from our customers related the 
delivery of loads.
Monitored ongoing expenses relative to budget projections.Recruited, retained and developed staff.Recruited, retained and developed staff.
Increased company market share by 20% in just 3
Monitored 4 project budgets each for 24.months.
Developed and managed annual operating budgets for the gas station and the transportation business.
Oversaw the development and launch of Haiti Towing business.
Recruited, hired and trained 30 new employees for the gas station, the convenient store and the transportation 
department,
Built and maintained effective accounts receivable and cash flow monitoring systems.
Boosted revenue by $100,000.00 in the first year by spearheading development of waste control..
Mentored, coached and trained 5 team members.
Identified inefficiencies, made recommendations and implemented them for process improvements.
06/1995
 
to 
01/2011
Safety & Training Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for the preparation of training for more than 15,000 airport employees.
Planned, directed, oversaw, reviewed and evaluated the work of staff providing support to airport training program.
Maintained or directed the maintenance of accurate records and files.
Monitored changes in legislation and FAA regulations that may affect training program operations or service delivery; evaluated their effect
upon program activities and recommends appropriate policy and procedure modifications.Developed and modified training techniques and formats to evaluate airfield vehicle operators or current program effectiveness and to
determine the need for program modification and/or new training program development.
Test theoretical and practical knowledge of aviation safety and ramp safety.
Analyzed training programs to assure competency of persons operating vehicle on the airfield.
Prepared reports of airfield inspections to document findings.
Approved or disapproved issuance of certificate of vehicles operators on the airfield.
Promoted training programs through developing contacts with various organizations and through electronic media announcements.
Represented MIA Airport in acting as a trainer in aviation safety in various airports throughout the Caribbean.
Provided fiscal oversight for Airside Division, in particular, training cash collections, equipment purchase orders.
Tracked Employee Performance training requirements to make sure that are in compliance with FAA Rules and Regulations.
Responsible for issuing department vehicle, and equipment.
Assigned, distributed, checked, and verified access personnel work load.
Approved requests for emergency delivery on the airfield.
Monitored safety condition of the airfield, maintained and ensured the smooth operation of the airport.
Ensured that all operators adhere to the rules and regulation of the department.
Monitored construction and maintenance projects affecting airfield activities.
Ensured compliance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Miami-Dade Aviation rules and regulations to effect the safe and
efficient operation of the Air Operations Area (AOA).
Represented the Airside Operations at safety meetings. 
Planned and managed event logistics.
07/1988
 
to 
07/1994
Company Name
Education
December 2007
Bachelor
 
: 
Public Administration
 
Barry University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Public Administration
June 2004
Associate
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Miami Dade College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Coursework includes Organizational Behavior, Economics
Skills
balance budgets, contracts, delivery, inventory, managing, access, personnel policies, program development, safety, sales, trainer, training
programs, transportation