MARKETING MANAGER
Summary
To use my skills, knowledge and enthusiasm to advance the public image and credibility of a business-driven company, in a manner consistent with
its existing core values. Almost twenty years of experience in providing top-quality customer service, office management, Marketing, and public
relations both for private corporations and non-profit organizations. This includes the ability to execute a successful event or project from vision to
completion.
Highlights
Customer service-focused
Relationship building expert
Deadline-driven
Exceptional multi-tasker
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Self-directed
Excellent written and verbal communicator
Multi-media marketing
Experience
Marketing Manager
 
Nov 2011
 
to 
Oct 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Drive strategic marketing planning as well as tactical execution for the 6 regions.
Manage marketing communications, including website, collateral, B2B, content marketing, webcasts, advertising, proposal content, digital
marketing, and media relations in collaboration with central marketing.
Build relationships with regional marketing, sales and technology vendors.
Work with Executive, Sales, and Engineer teams to run annual Summit.
Manage Marketing Department Staffing
Foster relationships with potential customers, drive brand awareness and create effective sales and marketing opportunities.
Pursue and coordinate sponsorship, speaking, tradeshow and event opportunities to enhance reputation and increase exposure with target
audience.
Manage Market Development Funds and create events that pay for themselves. Â 
Utilize CRM to execute effective marketing programs.
Support activity tracking, data maintenance and mailing list management.
Provide input and insight into large, complex sales pursuits and written proposals as requested. Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â 
Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â 
Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â Â 
Special Events Coordinator
 
Feb 2005
 
to 
Jun 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Generate an annually growing source of event revenue and participants for Franciscan Health System (FHS) objectives, and increase
community involvement in and support for FHS by managing seven successful special events (St. Francis, St. Clare and Franciscan Hospice
Golf Tournaments and the Brett Erickson and Spectrum Golf Tournaments; and the Franciscan Hospice Luncheon, St. Joseph Ball and St.
Francis Gala).
Interact with FHS administrators and lead community volunteers to develop, schedule, and determine FHS special event goals, procedures,
and budgets.
Manage the ongoing activities of approximately 90 volunteers in seven event committees in Tacoma, Lakewood, Federal Way and Gig
Harbor.
Direct report of 2 administrative assistants and up to 30 volunteers per event.
Prepare and present reports of special event financial, attendance, etc., results to event committees and to the Franciscan Foundation Board
of Trustees.
Liaison between the Franciscan Foundation and a variety of corporate and individual donors/vendors who financially support special events.
Solicit corporate sponsorships and gifts from individuals and vendors in support of these FHS special events.
Research and cultivate prospective event sponsors.
Manage event ticket sales, reservations, and registration.
Oversee bank transactions, credit card processing and all other post-event reconciliations.
Maintain and manage special event software.
Public Relations and Event Contact for outside organizations wishing to support the Franciscan Foundation.
Ticket Office Manager
 
Nov 1998
 
to 
Feb 2005
 
Company Name
Managed as many as 200 performances a year in 3 different theaters.
Managed a 4-6 person Ticket Office team and 30+ Front of House staff.
Senior Level Administrative experience Provide customer service via phone and in-person.
Assist patrons and rental organizations with season subscriptions, single ticket purchases, and donations.
Provided year round financial and statistical reports to Board Members and Executive Committees
Accurate development, accounting & reporting of Ticket Office Budget and Sales.
Database Manager for Patrons and Donors using ArtSoft.Event Selection Committee member for the 2001-2004 seasons, assist with Board Functions.
Member of supervisory team which met to plan and provide oversight for the operations of the Broadway Center and its historic Downtown
theaters.
Initiated website and online ticket sales.
Assisted with the creation of promotional advertising that affect ticket sales and public relations.
Training: ArtSoft Box Office Manager in Wallingford, CT.
Education
Associate of Arts
 
, 
General
 
Pierce Community College
High School Diploma
 
Woodrow Wilson High School
Technical Skills
Operating Systems: Windows 10 and below Â 
Databases: Constant Contact, ConnectWise, Raisers Edge, Auction Tracker, Auction Pay, ArtSoft, ResNet Â 
Graphics Tools: Adobe Photoshop Elements, Microsoft Publisher
Additional Information
One of 4 Marketing Managers chosen in 2015 for a National 9 Month Training
Board Member West Sound Roller Girls Roller Derby Team
Franciscan Foundation Scholarship award winner 2009Â 