CONSULTANT
Accomplishments
Worked with Teach for India in conducting regular classes for under-privileged children as part of the CSR program at OSC Services.
Student Co-ordinator of the ILS Free Legal Aid Society for the years 2010-2012.
Experience
Consultant
 
04/2013
 
Company Name
Asset Finance - Drafting legal documentation necessary for cross-border aircraft financing and leasing transactions, with particular emphasis
on clients based in the Asia Pacific region involving major global financial institutions, operating lessors and investment funds.
My experience includes acting for clients on commercial financings, operating leasing, aircraft sales, asset backed securitization and portfolio
sales and financings.
Co-lead the Cape Town transactions support team comprising of 6 India qualified lawyers including transaction management, team
management and providing subject matter expertise.
Senior Executive Compliance
 
01/2012
 
to 
03/2012
 
Company Name
Acting as in-house counsel and preparing legal letters and notices and drafting and vetting service agreements, non-disclosure agreements,
digital marketing partners engagement agreements, broker agreements, intermediary agreements, procurement agreements, employment
contracts, licensing agreements etc.
Extending opinion and advises on host of operational, regulatory and legal issues concerning business operations.
Also responsible for preparing agendas for board meetings, preparing analysis reports, departmental summaries, performance summary of
the company and drafting other communications as required by the management of the company.
Managing correspondence with the regulatory authority: drafting replies to show cause notices, maintaining record of communications,
managing response and submissions to insurance regulators circulars and notifications.
16 May -14 June 2011 LAKSHMIKUMARAN & SRIDHARAN, Mumbai Legal research on Finance Act viz.
Importation of Services and Taxation of various Services, Operating Lease, Finance Lease and reversal of Cenvat Credit.
Preparing first draft of legal opinions and appeals to the Appellate Tribunal.
18 April - 14 May 2011 KHAITAN AND PARTNERS, Kolkata A team of three interns and an associate were involved in the study of
legal formalities to be complied with by a foreign listed company willing to establish an office in India.
This involved an extensive research on Companies Act, Competition Laws and Securities and Compliance Laws, Securities and Exchange
Board of India and Reserve Bank of India Acts, Rules and Guidelines and other Tax Treaties.
It further involved relevant case study and finally drafting roadmap documentation for establishing such business in India.
The final leg of the internship involved drafting standard documentation of various legal filings for permissions and company's incorporation
documents which were then taken up for tailored amendments and execution by Senior Associates and Partners.
10 May - 28 May 2010 VAISH ASSOCIATES, Gurgaon The internship involved legal Research on Company Law, Joint Venture rules,
Mergers and Acquisitions laws and Securities and Exchange Board of India Regulations and finally preparing a presentation on required
filings, permissions, disclosures and minimum eligibility criterion.
05/2008
 
to 
06/2008
 
Company Name
Delhi.
Mr.
Singh is a member on the committee of consultants on Indirect Tax Reforms.
The internship involved assisting a team of qualified stakeholders in research and preparing a report on the Value Added Tax provisions of
the proposed Goods and Service Tax Bill by studying and identifying the provisions in the existing legislation which are impacting the ease of
doing business as well as identifying the areas and provision of the Act for simplification in the light of existing jurisprudence.
Education
Post Graduation Diploma
 
: 
Cyber Laws
 
2010
 
Asian School of Cyber
 
City
 
GPA: 
1st Prize in Raghvendra Phadnis National Essay Writing
Competition organized by ILS Law College, 2009. *1st Rank in
 
Cyber Laws 1st Prize in Raghvendra Phadnis National Essay Writing
Competition organized by ILS Law College, 2009. *1st Rank in
Diploma
 
: 
Human Rights and Law
 
2009
 
ILS Law College
 
GPA: 
Awarded Certificate of Appreciation at the 1st LexTech pan Asian Law and
Technology Essay Writing Competition on contemporary techno-legal issues organized by Gujarat National Law University.
 
Human Rights and
Law Awarded Certificate of Appreciation at the 1st LexTech pan Asian Law and Technology Essay Writing Competition on contemporary
techno-legal issues organized by Gujarat National Law University.
63.16
 
Qualifications Board/University Institute Marks 
BSL LLB (V Years Aggregate) Pune University I.L.S. Law College
 
Class XII C.B.S.E ITL
Public School New-Delhi 89.2% Class X C.B.S.E ITL Public School New-Delhi 88.8%
Interests
First at Zonal Level, Sell Your Product( Advertising) Competition, New-Delhi, West zone-2006 Gold Medal in Volleyball, at intra-school Sports
Meet-2005 Second at Zonal Level, Folk Dance competition, New-Delhi, West Zone-2005 First at Zonal Level, Singing Competition, New-Delhi,
West Zone-2004 I hereby declare that all the information given above is complete and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Sugandha kumar
Publications
Article published on the topic "Microfinance Institutions: A Cost Benefit Analysis" in LEXWITNESS, February 2012 issue at page 37. *Article
published on the topic "Trading Activity and CENVAT Credit Rules" in LEXWITNESS, August 2011 issue at page 41. *Article published on the
topic "Child Soldiers victim of Armed Conflicts and War crimes: an issue related to International Humanitarian Law" and also on the topic"Custodial Interrogation And Human Rights" in Abhivyakti, the College Annual Law Journal, 2010 *Presented Paper on the topic "Online
Transactions and Consumer Protection Issues", in the Student Teacher Seminar organized by ILS Law College on 18 February 2010.
Additional Information
Awards and Achievements 
*College Researcher, for the Runners-up Team at the Lex Novitas National Moot Court Competition, V M
Salgaocar College of Law, Goa 2011. *Runners-Up in You(th) Speak at the South Asian Youth Peace Meet (Paper Presentation
Competition), at Symbiosis Institute of Media and Communication, Pune, 2009-2010.
First at Zonal Level, Sell Your Product( Advertising) Competition, New-Delhi, West zone-2006 Gold Medal in Volleyball, at intra-school
Sports Meet-2005 Second at Zonal Level, Folk Dance competition, New-Delhi, West Zone-2005 First at Zonal Level, Singing
Competition, New-Delhi, West Zone-2004 I hereby declare that all the information given above is complete and correct to the best of my
knowledge. 
Sugandha kumar
Skills
business operations, C, contracts, Credit, clients, documentation, Drafting, Finance, financing, financial, funds, insurance, Law, legal, legal
Research, letters, Managing, marketing, meetings, Mergers and Acquisitions, Exchange, office, procurement, research, sales, Securities, Tax, team
management