CORPORATE PROJECT MANAGER
Career Overview
Seasoned project manager driven to achieve results through strategic planning and professional relationship building. Success in developing
beneficial alliances between leaders to effectively drive growth and achieve goals. Dedicated to building strong teams within an organization through
motivation and strong development. 
Effective in fostering collaboration and consultative relationships with senior management and across 
traditional
boundaries; highlighting inflection points of technology decisions. 
Technical leader with broad experience, brings focus on "big picture" business
impacts of technology 
projects: real costs, practical benefits, risks and contingencies. 
Adaptable - skilled at supporting individuals, building
systems, handling problems; as well as managing 
teams, training, developing strategies, policies and processes.
Qualifications
Strategic Planning / Visioning & Tactical Execution 
Manpower Planning & Scheduling
SDLC Methodology/ Problem & Change 
Software & Application Lifecycle Management
Management
SLA Authoring & Resource Allocation 
Expense Budgeting & Forecasting
Team-Building & Front-Line Leadership 
Technology Upgrades & Training
Led highly visible initiatives to develop, define and manage the execution of several ground up IT
infrastructure and application integrations through corporate acquisitions and divestitures while
successfully balancing resources, timelines and budgets.
Experience in complete Project Management Life cycle including Planning, Execution, Monitor &
Control and closure.
Document business performance expectations, benchmark standards and develop guidelines.
Interfaced with key stakeholders and project team members to prioritize requirements and
information technology needs.
Successfully lead learning enhancement classes to improve sales knowledge and people skills for
workplace success and advancement. Developed materials to successfully train associates.
Provide oversight of yearly and monthly budget planning activities providing forecasting and day-to-
day expense management keeping projects under budget and proper tracking of expenses.
Direct all information technology and network system deployment and maintenance including all IT
infrastructure, wireless communications, PC systems, local networks and mobile environment.
Assessing and recommending technology systems solutions based on operational needs while ensuring
compliance with corporate standards. Interfaced with outside vendors to source materials.
Work Experience
01/2014
 
to 
01/2016
Corporate Project Manager
 
Company Name
Manage direct reports supporting multiple locations with annual revenues of $2M.
Accountable for the strategic direction, implementation, support, and development of all business applications, Enterprise Resource Planning
(ERP), Facilities Management, Financials, Forecasting and Procurement.
Established change management and help desk solutions and policies.
Developed new process design workflow to ensure on-time delivery of all solutions and within budget 
leading to increase in monthly
productivity by 20%.
Centralized disparate support documentation for all business applications and architecture.
Developed corporate process and tools for opportunities tracking, bid decision making and proposal 
development.
Developed training material for new products and technologies and delivered training classes to 
associates.
01/2008
 
to 
01/2014
Director of Information Technology and Systems
 
Company Name
Responsible for managing and executing business development activities for IT and other company business lines.
Provided executive leadership over internal company-wide IT infrastructure.
Developed end user training material coordinating and conducting group and individual training 
sessions based on staff and organizational
learning needs.
Introduced methods for tracking project management, workload planning and corporate business 
performance metrics.
Responsible for managing and executing business development activities for IT and other company 
business lines.
Installation of Gate and Locking systems (Saflok, Ving, Salto and Amano Mc Gann access control 
systems) in various brands resorts
interfacing with PMS systems.
01/2006
 
to 
01/2008
Director of Information Technology and Systems
 
Company Name
Manage four hotels within REIT interfacing with both management and ownership to guide the hotel through day-to-day operations.
Insure that the company's strategic technologies needs are the primary focus.
Provided first and second-tier technical support and knowledge on Windows server/desktop applications 
and resort PMS/POS Systems.
Provided operations management, including security, backup/recovery/disaster planning, off-hours staff 
coverage.
Oversaw $1.4 M capital budget and hotel conversion.Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computers and Information Technology
 
UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Computers and Information
Technology
Associates of Arts
 
: 
Finance and Business Administration
 
LAKE SUMTER COMMUNITY COLLEGE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Finance and Business
Administration
2016
ITIL Foundation Course
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), CompTia A+, CompTia N+
Skills
A+, acquisitions, backup, budget planning, Budgeting, budgets, budget, business development, change management, conversion, decision making,
delivery, direction, disaster planning, documentation, ERP, Enterprise Resource Planning, Facilities Management, Financials, focus, Forecasting,
help desk, information technology, ITIL, Leadership, Team-Building, managing, materials, access, Microsoft Certified Professional, MCP,
network, networks, operations management, organizational, PC systems, people skills, policies, POS, process design, Procurement, Project
Management, proposal 
development, sales, Scheduling, SDLC, SLA, strategic, Strategic Planning, technical support, user training, training
material, Upgrades, Windows server, workflow