FIELD BASED NURSE CHART REVIEWER - HEALTHCARE INFORMATICS
Professional Summary
Seventeen years of nursing experience from multiple different facilities and hospitals: Diverse background in nursing as a Registered Nurse.
Registered Nurse Manager
Experience
Field Based Nurse Chart Reviewer - Healthcare Informatics
 
July 2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Founder, CEO, Director of Nursing and Business Operations Provide high quality nursing care to individual and corporate clients by
integrating evidence-based practices for best nursing care. Group addresses several specialized areas of Best Nursing Practices. Services
include:
Electronic medical record implementation and support
Workflow system analysis and redesign
Behavioral Nurse Consultant Services
Staffing Nurse Consultant Services, Education
Nurse Consultant Services
Leadership Nurse Consultant Services
Quality Assurance Nurse Consultant Services
Safety Consultants
Healthcare Advocate Consultant Services
Legal Nurse Consultant Services
Servicing Managed Medicare Contracts. Services include:
Oversaw the Skilled Nursing and Short-term Rehab unit.
Clinical resource and coordinator for all services provided to the residents
Oversaw supervisor level support staff for the nurses, and our certified nursing assistants.
Provided a nursing contribution to the multi-disciplinary team meetings and family meetings.
Assisted in the assessment process to develop individual care plans for patients ensuring information around all aspects of their physical,
psychological, social, spiritual needs are covered.
Continually evaluated the effectiveness of the care plans/dressings and medications and ensured that any required changes were carried out
and communicated to all parties involved, including the patient. Services include:
Developed and oversaw the MDS schedule to ensure MDS assessments were completed per Federal Regulations. Ensured all members of
the Interdisciplinary Team were completing all sections of MDS accurately per Federal Regulations.
Completed all necessary non-Medicare MDS assessments (Initial Admission Assessments, Quarterly, Annual, and Significant Changes).
Completed re-certifications as needed for Medicare recipients. Initialized comprehensive resident care plans in accordance with MDS CAA
and CAT.
Participated in care planning meeting to ensure resident care is discussed and CAA assessments are completed per Federal Regulations.
Continually assessed resident MDS submissions. Analyzed MDS data for case mix followed the Medicare PPS and MDS processes per
state and federal guidelines.
Performed submissions of MDS data to CMS utilizing the facility computer system.
Reported to the facility QA committed monthly regarding audits related to MDS process. Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of the Secretary, Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, National Disaster Medical System - DMAT NY6 -
Intermittent Employee- .RN Special Government Employee (SGE) Syracuse, NY 7/2010-6/2014
Deployable Registered Nurse, who completed all the trainings for New York State and the Federal National Disaster Medical System; we
were a team that could be deployed to emergent situations and catastrophes.
This team is in a constant ready state to be sent if needed. (Government team) Onsite and remote Quality Assurance chart reviews for
Medicaid and Medicare projects, HEDfS, CARA, HCC, Performance Physician reviews and other Quality Assurance projects.
Director of Nursing Services (Full-time)
 
April 2010
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Admissions screener, as well as the employee health department.
Ensured qualified employees and contractors provided patient care/safety and paraprofessional services in, accordance with applicable law
and regulations and accepted standards of care, as well as Interim HealthCare policies and procedures.
Ensured that daily patient care and client services as well as related office activities were conducted in accordance with applicable 'law and
regulation. Ensured patient care, safety and paraprofessional services were provided in accordance with acceptable standards of care and
Interim HealthCare performance standards.
Ensured that Interim HealthCare policies and procedures are implemented and consistently followed. I had to supervise 50 field staff
oversaw 130 clients, and individually case managed 35 clients, ranging from J year of age to 102 years of age.
Performed the functions for maintaining corporate compliance and also functioned as the safety supervisor for both patient and staff safety
needs. I have accessed and completed reports through Quality Net, Quadra Med, and COPE.
Analyzed and identified trends from adverse-event reportings, and performed root cause analysis.
Held educational nursing in-services to develop and foster the staff about patient and staff safety initiatives.
Assistant Director of Nursing
 
July 2007
 
to 
January 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
ADON between 2Nursing communities (7 North- TBI unit, and the Behavioral Care Unit).ADON between 2Nursing communities (7 North- TBI unit, and the Behavioral Care Unit).
Responsibilities included, but not limited to the day-to-day running of the communities: Staffing, scheduling, supervising, and monitoring staff
for the floors.
Responsible for completion of staffing exception reports, payroll issues, also for maintaining attendance records.
Completed the disciplinary processes toward staff. Maintained and monitored both personnel and non-personnel related costs to the floors.
Oversaw clinical staff members who provided services to the residents, ensured that programs provided training and continuing education to
staff were in place.
Developed and reviewed policies and procedures appropriate to the needs of the units. Close contact with the staff and residents to provide
quality care. Monitored unit budgets at the floor level.
Nurse Administrator/Registered Nurse/Day Charge Nurse/Day Nursing Supervisor/Orienter/Educator/Preceptor
 
January 2004
 
to 
July 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Syracuse, NY 1/2004-7/2007 Nurse Administrator/Registered Nurse/Day Charge Nurse/Day Nursing
Supervisor/Orienter/Educator/Preceptor
Provided
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Nursing
 
, 
1999
 
Syracuse University
 
Syracuse University Bachelor of Science (Nursing) 1999
Master of Science
 
: 
teaching certificate, Nursing
 
SUNY Syracuse
 
SUNY Syracuse Master of Science (Post Master's teaching certificate
completed, Nursing - completed 46 credits)
Professional Affiliations
membership in: American Association of Managed Care Nurses, Medicaid Provider Identification Number- 03074935, and National Provider
Identification Number-1477790020
Certifications
RN Registered Nurse American Association of Managed Care Nurses CAA CAT Registered Nurse Manager Registered Nurse/MDS
Coordinator
Skills
Registered Nurse, Healthcare, Medicare, Clients, Quality Assurance, Staffing, Business Operations, Contracts, Operations, System Analysis,
Workflow, Rn, Secretary, Assistant Director, Infection Control, Client Services, Root Cause Analysis, Medicaid, Audits, Cms, Content
Management System, Federal Regulations, Qa, Budgets, Payroll, Scheduling, Training, Managed Care, Teaching