CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Summary of Skills
Strategic Planning/Management
Strong communication skills
Strong credit/financial analysis skills
Team builder/collaborator
Sales management
Negotiation skills
Strong multi-tasker
Project management
Planning/execution
Cross Functional leadership
Professional Experience
Chief Operating Officer
 
June 2008
 
to 
January 2010
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Recruited by the Board of Directors to become COO.
Oversaw all aspects of this 35+ year old medical practice comprised of 5 freestanding radiation oncology clinics located in the South Puget
Sound with 8 physicians (6 whom are owners) and 64 employees.
Revenues grew from $48MM in 2008 to over $53MM in 2014.
This was due to the addition of two offices (one in Gig Harbor and one in Olympia) as well as additional modalities of treatment.
Achievements: Saved the company over $160,000 in 2015 due to hard negotiations with our Electronic Medical Record vendor due to
poor performance.
Saved the company over $120,000 annually by negotiating with the bank to lower interest rates on loans in early 2009.
Brought two construction projects, one for a new clinic with a $6.5MM budget and the other for an extensive remodel with a $4.5MM
budget, under budget and on time saving $200,000 in total.
Brought in a consultant to successfully turn the Board Meetings into efficient, professional meetings with strict agendas, time allotments for
each topic and rules of order.
Prior to that, the meetings were overly lengthy, ineffective and combative.
This resulted in fewer meetings, which have been far more effective.
Oversaw the opening of and addition of a Urology practice as well as the first mobile Brachytherapy unit in the State of WA (for the
treatment of various types of cancer).
Both contributed to an increase in revenues to the company of more than $1MM annually.
Successfully negotiated with two of the owners for buyouts on behalf of the Board.
One was amicable and the other was contentious.
This will result in cost savings to the company in excess of $1MM annually.
May 1998
 
to 
May 2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
COLB was started in 1993 and has grown to an $8.5 billion dollar, 150+ branch community bank in WA, ORE and ID.
Recruited by and joined as Vice President and Commercial Banker with no loan portfolio 
05/1998 Through aggressive sales
calls/marketing, grew portfolio to over $30MM in outstandings and $50MM in commitments in three years! 
This was accomplished with a
consistent and active marketing plan aimed at targeting well known businesses in the area as well as utilizing a strong referral base consisting
of lawyers, accountants and existing customers of the Bank.
Promoted to SVP due to growth of portfolio and fee income/referrals 
06/2001 Promoted to SVP and SWWA Commercial Banking
Manager 
06/2003 In this position, I was responsible for 8 commercial middle market lenders, whose territory stretched from Auburn to
Longview, WA.
While Columbia had started via a bank in Longview, it had been neglected from a commercial lending standpoint.
I spent considerable time and effort in working with the lending center there to establish a robust and larger presence.
Achievements: Overall TEAM portfolio grew from outstandings of $100MM to over $160MM in a highly competitive, charged
environment.
At one time this was the largest commercial market in the Bank (CB later entered Seattle, King County).
Implemented monthly sales meetings to emphasize consistent marketing and calling efforts, both with prospects and in cross-selling to
existing customers.
This resulted in deposit growth within the group from $100MM to over $200MM and fee income exceeding $1,200,000 annually.
Also during this time I was active in mentoring individual lenders, assisting with credit structure and pricing and calling on both prospects and
existing clients.
I worked hard to foster strong lines of communication and collaboration with other departments in the Bank who were our partners in
business development and instrumental in our success.
Was asked to join Loan Committee as a voting member.
June 2005
As my credit knowledge and responsibilities had grown, I was asked and approved to sit on the Bank's loan committee.
This was an opportune time to view all of the various types of credits that were presented.In addition, during this time I was part of an assigned team to perform due diligence on potential bank purchases.
Education
BA
 
: 
Chemistry
 
Pacific Lutheran University
 
Chemistry
Pacific Coast Banking School Certification
 
University of Washington
Professional Affiliations
Current Board Chair, Pierce College (governor appointed) Past President of the Board and Trustee, Tacoma Art Museum Past Tacoma Sunrise
Rotary President and member Past Board member, AFROC, Washington D.C. Past Member MGMA, SROA
Skills
Banking, budget, business development, cancer, commercial lending, Strong communication skills, competitive, consultant, credit, clients, due
diligence, financial analysis, Functional, leadership, Team builder, marketing plan, marketing, market, Meetings, mentoring, negotiating,
Negotiation, negotiations, oncology, pricing, Project management, selling, sales, Sales management, Sound, Strategic Planning/Management,
Urology, view