SERGEANT E-5 AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST
Summary
A highly motivated and ambitious individual able to give timely and accurate advice, guidance and support to team members and individuals.
Possess excellent management skills and have the ability to work with the minimum of supervision whilst supporting fellow team members. Have a
proven ability to lead by example, consistently hit targets, improve best practices and organize time efficiently. Now looking forward to make a
further contribution as part of your team and am hopeful for the genuine opportunity for progression.
Highlights
Inventory tracking
Budget management
Shipment consolidations planning
Decisive
Inventory control
Warehouse and fulfillment
Results-oriented
Logistics network analysis
Detail-oriented
Strategic planner
Cost reduction
Flexible
Works well independently
Customer service-oriented
Accomplishments
Â·Â Â  Received a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as squad leader,2nd Platoon, Female Engagement Team, 2nd
Marine Division (Forward) for having coordinated three Female Engagement teams and led over 85 missions, engaged more than 1900 local
nationals during 1300 engagements while serving in direct support of 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment from March 2011 to October 2011.
Â·Â Â  Received A Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as a Maintenance Material Control Expediter while in support of
the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit from January 2009 to July 2009 for uncompromising work ethic, daily determination, and unique skill to liaison
with both civilian and military supply systems enabling VMA-211 to fully support 31st MEU operations.
Â·Â Â  Received a Certificate of Commendation while serving as Expeditionary Airfields Supply Warehouse Clerk during the Commanding
Generals Inspection 2 August 2010 to 6 August 2010 for superior leadership, organizational skills and managerial abilities.
Â·Â Â  Received a Letter of Appreciation for volunteering to teach, mentor, and educate newly promoted Corporals within the Marine Wing
Support Squadron 271 during the Squadron's Non-Commissioned Officer Transition Course on NCO Suicide Prevention.
Experience
07/2013
 
to 
07/2015
Company Name
Order, track, receive, and distribute Organizational Level Maintenance consumable and repairable material for AV-8B Harrier whilst in
Phase Maintenance Inspection.
Plan inventory management technique to avoid shortages and excesses.
In charge of Tool Control Program and Respirator Program, verifying all toolbox inventories, respirators, logs and that records are up to
date, broken tool reports and daily All Tools Are Accounted For logs are properly filled.
Prepared required documentation for all issue or turn-in consumable and repairable components.
Assist in Annual AMMT by Identifying Shelf-Life items, ensuring correct inventory on PEB, and organized all Electro Static Discharge safe
areas within federal safety regulations.
Researched and requisitioned squadron requirements through NALCOMIS OOMA.
Tracked Pre-Expended Bin replenishments and requisitions via NALCOMIS OOMA and Legacy.
Compiled reconciliation reports and provided briefings and debriefings.
Assisted in the resolution of customer complaints.
Brief requisition delivery dates to supervisors and workers on a weekly basis supplying critical information throughout entire scheduling /
expediting process.
Maintain records for maintenance and installation.
Develop positive relationship with staffs and customer to meet productivity goals.
Update the Individual Qualifications Records (IQR's) of maintenance personnel.
Documented forms in cases of required emergency assistance within regulations of safety policies and procedures.
In charge of weekly payroll for up to 20 crew workers, diligently ensuring correct input of individuals assigned hours to include annual leave,
sick leave and Overtime.
12/2012
 
to 
12/2012
SERGEANT E-5 AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALIST
Supervised, trained and evaluated personnel Marines to most proficiently support over 10 Marine Aircraft Squadrons and 15 Intermediate
Maintenance Activities.
Performed warehouse operation duties including receiving, inspecting, locating, storing, rotating, safekeeping, issuing, preparing, shipping,
material return and disposal of supplies and equipment related to support of supply operations.
Received and processed an estimated 1700 High and Low Priority repairable requisitions and Direct Turnovers monthly Screened all
squadron requisitions via NALCOMIS and processed for accuracy Maintained an estimate 1700 assets with 100% accountability valued
over 170 million dollars.
Managed the receipt and stowage thru the Integrated Barcode System of approximately 10,000 consumable line items with the estimated
value of 7.2 million dollars.
Served as the senior supply liaison for VMAQ-3 in direct support of Red Flag, an advanced aerial combat training exercise hosted at NellisAir Force Base.
Yielded the expeditious procurement of 3.4 million dollars in aircraft assets both locally and abroad.
10/2010
 
to 
01/2012
FEMALE ENGAGEMENT TEAM LIAISON/ PLATOON LEADER
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Successfully completed a 5 month, Pre-Afghanistan deployment training consisting of an Enhanced Marksmanship Program, Improvised
Explosive Device Training, Casualty Assessment, Immediate Action Drills, Combat Lifesaving, Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape
Training, Peacetime Governmental Detention/ Hostage Detention, Basic Combat Trauma Training for Tactical Operator, Call for Medevac,
Human Terrain Cross Cultural Engagement Training, Combat Lifesaving/ Live Tissue Training, Search Procedures, and Pastu/Dari
Language Training all contributing to the completion of a successful tour in Musa Qal'eh.
Served as the Team Leader for the 3rd Battalion, Second Marines District Stabilization Thematic Team, and providing expert guidance
during the Battalion's critical health, education, and Intelligence Oversight planning meetings.
Submitted 125 After Action Reports to include a detailed summary of all operations, patrols and engagements that the team participated in
within a time frame of 48 hours from the end of the mission via e-mail through a Secret Internet Protocol Router Network to the FET
Headquarters in order to provide a timely assessment of all Intel of the Area of Operation.
Coordinated and scheduled the employment for three FETs, a total of six Marines and one Corpsman, each within the Musa Qal'eh District
Center, Nowzad District Center and Shir-Ghazay directing the strategic initiatives to achieve the completion and staffing of the first and only
Women's Center in Musa Qal'eh which provided a safe location for women and girls to meet and receive literacy and health classes all
taught by the FET, to be continued by the local women.
Awards and Recognitions.
Received a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as squad leader,2nd Platoon, Female Engagement Team, 2nd
Marine Division (Forward) for having coordinated three Female Engagement teams and led over 85 missions, engaged more than 1900
local nationals during 1300 engagements while serving in direct support of 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment from March 2011 to
October 2011.
Received A Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as a Maintenance Material Control Expeditor while in support of
the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit from January 2009 to July 2009 for uncompromising work ethic, daily determination, and unique skill to
liaison with both civilian and military supply systems enabling VMA-211 to fully support 31st MEU operations.
Received a Certificate of Commendation while serving as Expeditionary Airfields Supply Warehouse Clerk during the Commanding
Generals Inspection 2 August 2010 to 6 August 2010 for superior leadership, organizational skills and managerial abilities.
Received a Letter of Appreciation for volunteering to teach, mentor, and educate newly promoted Corporals within the Marine Wing
Support Squadron 271 during the Squadron's Non-Commissioned Officer Transition Course on NCO Suicide Prevention.
Education
Specialized Training/ Certificates/ Licenses/ Permits Marine Aviation Supply School, USMC Lance Corporal Leadership Course, USMC Non-
Commissioned Officers Leadership Course, USMC Sergeants Distance Education Program, USMC Staff Non-commissioned Officer Career
Distance Education, USMC Naval Aviation Material Control Management, USMC Lean Six Sigma AirSpeed White Belt Course, USN Lean Six
Sigma AirSpeed Yellow Belt Course, USN 24-Hour Hazardous Material Handler's Course, USMC Active Forklift License
Willing to travel or relocate.
Skills
Air Force, Basic, Computer literate, delivery, directing, documentation, e-mail, Forklift, forms, frame, Inspection 2, inspecting, Inspection, Intel,
inventory management, inventory, Leadership, Team Leader, logistics, managerial, meetings, mentor, Access, Excel, Office, Outlook, PowerPoint,
Word, Navy, Naval, Network, organizational skills, Organizational, payroll, personnel, policies, procurement, receiving, Maintain records, Router,
safety, scheduling, shipping, Six Sigma, staffing, strategic, supervisory, Trauma, unique
Additional Information
Possess a valid DOD Secret Security Clearance. Willing to travel or relocate.