HR GENERALIST
Summary
HR Generalist with 8 yrs of professional experience in employee 
recruitment, orientation, engagement ,assimilation and termination procedures .
Highlights
•Employee recruitment
•Talent Acquisition
•New employee orientations
•Employee Engagement and assimilation
•Vendor Management
•Termination procedures
•MS Office proficient
Experience
HR Generalist
 
November 2006
 
to 
May 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Onboarding: 
Welcoming the new employees onboard by ensuring they have a pleasant experience.
Verifying and collecting all the mandatory educational & employment documents.
Performing a reference check on the day of on boarding incase any document is not available.
HR Engagement and Assimilation Handling employee's queries with respect to joining formalities Taking induction for the new joinees and
briefing them about IBM and the concerned BU's to which they will be a part of.
Briefing the new joiners on various policies like payroll, payables, medical insurance, reimbursement, superannuation etc.
Updating the joiner's data /no-shows data in GOM.
Ensure all the relevant departments are informed about the new joiners.
Managing attendance and leave for the team.
Mentoring & coaching new team members across locations on the process, and ensure they execute the process successfully.
Preparing weekly & daily MIS reports.
Preparing MOM and sharing it to the team for every weekly team meeting.
Recruitment : Screening the resumes so as to assess the HR Fit & the Technical Fit of the candidate for the applied position.
Taking care of the HR issues while screening the resume in terms of the present employer, years of experience, relevant work location,
relevant background, relevant education, etc.
Liaisoning with the Business for the Requirements and carrying out the recruitment process smoothly.
Coordinating & handling week-end drives in location.
Also involved in extensive Campus drives /Offcampus drives in Technical institutions.
Chalking the Monthly requirements with the Managers & completing the same in the given time frame.
Facilitating Vendor management by allocating requirements to vendors.
Educating the vendors on the requirement skills so that there is a smooth flow of process regarding requirement.
Handling queries from the competency Managers and solving them with regards to Recruitment, Hiring & Joining and also regarding the
Policies of Recruitment.
Documentation for Mandatory Offer Paperworks.
Liasoning with Business Hiring Managers / Compensation Team for hiring approvals.
Liasoning with Separations Team / WFM / HR Partners for approvals for Rehire / Restricted /Foreign National Hires Coordinating timely
/accurate and 100% compliant Offer Rollout to ensure we meet out hiring numbers for each quarters.
Handle post offer queries as raised by Business and candidates and direct them for solutions.
Negotiating with offered candidates to convert them to join.
Coordinating end to end with the different Business Units to get HR related issues and queries resolved on time.
Coordinating with the candidates and the different Business Units through effective Telephone and E-Mail Communication.
Internal audits and provide inputs for avoiding audit exposures along with process adherence.
HR Consultant
 
January 2006
 
to 
October 2006
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Working on individual corporate assignments and sourcing candidates for different positions for providing manpower to their requirement
needs.
Counseling and evaluating candidates by taking preliminary round of interviews, calling them for final interview and doing reference checks
on behalf of the candidates.
Recruiting candidates by means of headhunting, employee references, networking.
amp; jobsites depending on the resource requirements.
Working on senior level assignments (15-20 yrs experience).
Coordinating interviews, updating the candidates about the company, job profile, giving them interview tips and maintaining client relation.Also involved in recruitment selection of new executives for our company.
Giving induction to the new entrants.
Record keeping & documentation, database management in excel.
Preparing agenda for monthly meeting.
Weekly analysis of individual performance against the set target.
Education
M.B.A
 
: 
Human Resources & Finance
 
, 
2005
 
Utkal University
 
- 
State
 
, 
India
 
GPA: 
1st Class with topper of our batch
 
Human Resources &
Finance 1st Class with topper of our batch
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Physics Honours
 
, 
2002
 
OUAT
 
- 
State
 
, 
India
 
GPA: 
1st Class with Honours with Distinction
 
Physics Honours 1st Class
with Honours with Distinction
Languages
English, Hindi, Oriya
Personal Information
Date of birth 
: 2nd October, 1981
Marital Status 
: Married with 1 Kid
Nationality 
: Indian
Hobbies 
: Listening to music, Dancing, & Dairy Writing,
Additional Information
Skills
Talent Aquisition
Onboarding
Documentation
Vender management
Microsoft Office