ADVOCATE
Summary
In-depth knowledge of taking orders, compute charges, and administer billing or payments. * Hands-on experience in reviewing, updating or
making changes to customer accounts. * Track record of listening and responding to customers' needs and concerns. * Able to handle returns and
complaints effectively. * Demonstrated ability to record details of client contacts and service history. * Proven ability to determine answers and
solutions quickly. * Special talent for handling irate and angry customers. * Proven written and oral communication skills * Proficient in managing
business correspondence * Ability to organize personal work priorities * Knowledge of filing and updating records * Ability to work
independently and as part of a team * Excellent organizational skills * Expert in handling office equipment * Internet savvy with a proven expertise
in using MS Office applications * Excellent customer service orientation * Special talent for researching and analyzing data effectively *
Exceptional attention to detail with proven interpersonal skills
Skills
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Office
Microsoft Outlook
Microsoft Power Point
Microsoft Excel
Mostly Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word
Experience
10/2016
 
to 
Current
Advocate
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Respond to and resolve on the first call, customer service inquires and issues by identifying the topic and type of assistance the caller needs such as
benefits, eligibility and claims, financial spending accounts and correspondence.
Help guide and educate customers about the fundamentals and benefits of consumer-driven health care topics to include managing their health and
well-being by selecting the best benefit plan options, maximizing the value of their health plan benefits and choosing a quality care provider
Intervene with care providers (doctor's offices) on behalf of the customer to assist with appointment scheduling or connections with internal
specialists for assistance when needed
Assist customers in navigating myuhc.com and other UnitedHealth Group websites and encourage and reassure them to become self-sufficient
Own problem through to resolution on behalf of the customer in real time or through comprehensive and timely follow-up with the member
Research complex issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve customer issues and/or partner with others to
resolve escalated issues
Provide education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests
Meet the performance goals established for the position in the areas of: efficiency, call quality, customer satisfaction, first call resolution and
attendance
06/2015
 
to 
10/2016
CSR II
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Received an award of excellent customer service Received "Year of service Award" Received 5 year award Received employee of the
month twice with Brookdale Senior Living Received "Consultant Sales Award" Received employee recognition 6 months in a row along
with a trophy of excellence and 6 other trophies with JP Morgan Chase.
I was a Top Performer for 2014.
10/2013
 
to 
06/2015
Business Banker
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a Business Banker I provided guidance and assistance to business owners in managing their accounts.
I manage quality assurance, problem resolution, and a lot of data entry.
Worked a lot with numbers.
I am a Peer Coach in which I help train, guide, and motivate new hires.
Responsible for ensuring the client experience is world class and that interactions/issues are resolved accurately and expediently.
Handle client email/phone call interactions of a maintenance nature by retaining a thorough knowledge of the Policies and Procedures and all
systems in order to assist the client and manage escalated issues.
Use a high level of client service skills in order to defuse potentially difficult and/or upset customers with complex issues.
Took the initiative to create escalation of any issue that cannot be resolved within the anticipated service level or one that creates risk or
exposure for the customer or the bank.
Identify trends within the escalated emails/issues that lead to improvement opportunities in policies/procedures processes.
Utilize time at work efficiently to meet or exceed production goals as outlined in the metrics scorecard.
Consistently perform follow up to ensure customer satisfaction and to validate the accuracy of work.
Was required to assist department in meeting and exceeding SLA's by handling other functions when volumes fluctuate.
Research and resolve complex client's issues by working in partnership with partner groups.
Types of cases included fraud resolution, treasury solutions, complex account maintenance, internal relationship maintenance and billing
inquiries.
Support field Business Relationship Managers in the successful servicing of customers.
Investigate electronic transactions for successful resolution.
Use multiple systems and internal resources to resolve issues.Increase customer satisfaction through excellent communication and follow up.
Document issues and record resolutions for the firm's system of record.
Acted independently within policy to assist customers and internal partners and escalate in cases where the policy is preventing us from
delivering the right client experience.
Demonstrate sound decision making skills to protect the firm's interest while providing a superior customer experience.
04/2004
 
to 
09/2013
Life Enrichment Coordinator/Marketing Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Designed a creative and exciting life enrichment program to meet the individual needs and interests of the community.
Plan monthly calendar for the community.
Participated in discharge planning with the other members of the management team.
Coordinated the transportation, monitored budget, equipment, and supplies through Microsoft Excel.
Provided guidance and acted as a resource to staff on the importance of life enrichment.
Ensured that programs met all state, federal, local regulations.
Coordinate quarterly events at the community.
Developed and maintained contact with community agencies and supervise volunteers.
Coordinated move-ins and move-outs.
Coordinated the Welcome Committee.
Lots of Data Entry through Microsoft Excel and filing.
Education and Training
2018
Business Administration Human Resources
 
Argosy University
 
Business Administration Human Resources
2001
Paralegal Studies
 
Penn Foster University
 
Paralegal Studies
1997
Cosmetology College 
National Beauty College
1996
High School Diploma
 
: 
Business and Cosmetology
 
W.W. Samuell High School
 
Business and Cosmetology
Skills
adding machines, Balance, billing, bonds, budget, Business Administration, calculators, cashier, clerical, Coach, excellent communication,
Consultant, client, customer satisfaction, excellent customer service, Data Entry, decision making, discharge planning, email, filing, financial, funds,
Human Resource, managing, Microsoft Excel, exchange, mail, money, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft
Word, photography, Policies, problem resolution, processes, purchasing, quality assurance, receiving, maintain records, Research, Sales, SLA,
sound, phone, transportation, treasury, type, typing, written