PRODUCTION ASSOCIATE
Summary
Conclude your application letter by thanking the employer for considering you for the position. Include information on how you will follow-up.
Complimentary Close Sincerely, Signature The following application letter template lists the information you need to include in the letter you submit
with your resume when applying for a job. Use the application template as a guideline to create customized letters to send to employers with your
resume. Then review letter samples to get ideas on writing your own application letters. The first paragraph of your job application letter should
include information on why you are writing. Mention the job you are applying for and where you found the position. If you have a contact at the
company, include it. Middle Paragraphs: The next section of your cover letter should describe what you have to offer the company. Make strong
connections between your abilities and the requirements listed in the job posting. Mention specifically how your skills and experience match the
job. Expand on the information in your resume, don't just repeat it. Try to support each statement you make with a piece of evidence. Use several
shorter paragraphs or bullets rather than one large block of text. Conclude your application letter by thanking the employer for considering you for
the position. Include information on how you will follow-up. State that you will do so and indicate when (one week's time is typical). You may
want to reduce the time between sending out your resume and follow up if you fax or email it. View More Free Email Newsletter Top of Form Let
About.com send you the latest from our Job Searching Expert. You can opt-out at any time. Please refer to our privacy policy for contact
information. Bottom of Form Copyright Alison Doyle This cover letter takes the position requirements and matches the applicant's skills to those
requirements. This way, the resume reviewer can see the candidate's relevant qualifications at a glance. Sample Targeted Cover Letter Your Name
Your Address Your City, State, Zip Code Your Phone Number Your Email Date Name Title Organization Address City, State, Zip Code Dear
Mr./Ms. Last Name: I am interested in the Coordinator position advertised on XYZ. My resume is enclosed for your review. Given my related
experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate your consideration for this job opening. My skills are an ideal match for this position. Your
Requirements: Responsible for evening operations in Student Center and other facilities, including managing registration, solving customer
problems, dealing with risk management and emergencies, enforcement of department policies. Assists with hiring, training, and management of
staff. Coordinate statistics and inventory. Experience in the supervision of student staff and strong interpersonal skills are also preferred. Valid
Minnesota driver's license with good driving record. Ability to travel to different sites required. Experience in collegiate programming and
management. My Qualifications: Register students for courses, design and manage program software, solve customer problems, enforce
department policies, and serve as a contact for students, faculty, and staff. Hiring, training, scheduling and management of staff, managing supply
inventory, and ordering. Minnesota driver's license with NTSA defensive driving certification. Extensive experience in collegiate programming and
management. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. I appreciate your taking the time to review my credentials and experience. Again,
thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, Your Signature (for hard copy letter) Your Typed Name INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
TECHNICIAN TIER ONE TECHNICAL SUPPORT - HELP DESK TECHNICIAN Experienced and knowledgeable Information Technology
Professional seeking to contribute training and acquired skills within a Tier One Technical Support and/or Help Desk role. 
Work well
independently, or in a group setting providing all facets of computer support such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance. 
In-depth
knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems. 
Skilled in providing Customer and End-User Help Desk
Support. 
Easily identify and resolve technical issues and concerns. 
Excellent communication and presentation capabilities.
Accomplishments
Begin your letter greeting with "Dr./Mr./Ms.
Last Name." If you do not know the employer's last name, simply write "Dear Hiring Manager" or leave the greeting off the letter and start
with the first paragraph.
Body of Letter First Paragraph: Why you are writing - mention the job you are applying for and where you found the listing.
Middle Paragraph(s): What you have to offer the employer - mention why your skills and experience are a good fit for the job.
Last Paragraph: Say thank you to the hiring manager for considering you and note how you will follow up.
Signature End your cover letter with your signature, handwritten, followed by your typed name.
If this is an email, simply include your typed name, followed by your contact information.
When you are writing letters, it's important to select a font that is clear and easy to read.
Here's how to choose a letter font that is professional and readable, as well as how to choose the appropriate font size for your letter.
It is important to select a font that is large enough so that the reader doesn't have to squint to read your letter, but not so big that your letter
doesn't fit well on a page.
Use a Basic Font Using a simple font will ensure that your letter is easy to read.
Basic fonts like Arial, Verdana, and Times New Roman work well.
Depending on how much content you have in your letter select a 10 or 12 point font size.
It's best if you can format your letter so it fits on one page.
Regardless of the font size you select, there needs to be space at the top of the letter and between each paragraph and each section of your
cover letter.
Here's how to space your cover letter.
When you are using Microsoft Word, here is how to select a font for your letter and how to select the font size.
If you're using a different word processing program, the process is similar.
Select the content of your cover letter then choose a font and a font size.
You may need to try a couple of different sizes to make sure that your cover letter fits on a single page.
How to Select a Cover Letter Font Select a font from the list at the top of your document before you start writing your letter, or: Type your
cover letter.
Highlight the content of your letter.
Either select the font from the pop-up window or select the font from the list at the top of the document.
Experience
Production Associate
 
03/2006
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
Statecover letter typically accompanies each resume you send out.
Your cover letter may make the difference between obtaining a job interview or having your resume ignored, so it makes good sense to
devote the necessary time and effort to writing effective cover letters.
A cover letter should complement, not duplicate, your resume.
Its purpose is to interpret the data-oriented, factual resume and add a personal touch.
A cover letter is often your earliest written contact with a potential employer, creating a critical first impression.
Find out more of the differences between a resume and a cover letter.
There are three general types of cover letters: The application letter which responds to a known job opening (review samples) The
prospecting letter which inquires about possible positions (review samples) The networking letter which requests information and assistance
in your job search (review samples) Your cover letter should be designed specifically for each purpose outlined above as well as for each
position you seek.
Do not design a form letter and send it to every potential employer (you know what you do with junk mail!).
Effective cover letters explain the reasons for your interest in the specific organization and identify your most relevant skills or experiences
(remember, relevance is determined by the employer's self-interest).
The letter should express a high level of interest and knowledge about the position.
Keep in mind that your cover letter doesn't need to be long - a page is plenty.
Here's information on how long a cover letter should be.
Bottom of Form The following application letter format lists the information you need to include in the job application letter you send with
your resume.
Use this as a guideline to create customized application letters to send to employers.
Information Technology Technician
 
01/2000
 
to 
10/2002
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided computer help desk support via telephone communications with end-users.
Performed diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, documented help desk tickets/resolutions, and maintained equipment inventory
lists.
Information Technology Technician
 
02/1996
 
to 
01/2000
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided computer help desk support and technical training on hardware/software to end users.
Documented help desk tickets/resolutions, and provided overall assistance in daily administration of a Novell Netware 4.11 Network.
Performed set-up, break-down, and transport of agency equipment on an as-needed basis.
Personal Information
Select the font size you want to use the same way. Proofread your cover letter. Print your cover letter, even if you are going to upload it online, to
make sure that it is formatted, properly spaced, and looks the way you want. Writing a cover letter can seem like a difficult task. After all, cover
letters makes some sort of a request - whether for an interview or more information - and are generally addressed to someone you haven't met
before. If you take it one step at a time, however, you'll soon be an expert at writing cover letters to send with
Skills
Accounting, administrative, agency, Basic Programming, Bookkeeping, Business Communication, hardware, Finance, fundraising, help desk
support, help desk, IBM, IBM Software, inventory, letters, Lotus 2.1, Macros, Marketing, mail, Office, MS-DOS, Network, networking, Novell
Netware, Novell Netware 4.11, page, Programming, express, Shorthand, technical training, telephone, troubleshooting, Typing, Word Processing,
WordPerfect 5.1, written
Additional Information
Select the font size you want to use the same way. Proofread your cover letter. Print your cover letter, even if you are going to upload it
online, to make sure that it is formatted, properly spaced, and looks the way you want. Writing a cover letter can seem like a difficult task.
After all, cover letters makes some sort of a request - whether for an interview or more information - and are generally addressed to
someone you haven't met before. If you take it one step at a time, however, you'll soon be an expert at writing cover letters to send with
Job Application Letter Format Contact Information Name Address City, State, Zip Code Phone Number Email Address Date Employer
Contact Information (if you have it) Name Title Company Address City, State, Zip Code Salutation Dear Mr./Ms. Last Name, (leave out if
you don't have a contact) Body of Application Letter The body of your application letter lets the employer know what position you are
applying for, why the employer should select you for an interview, and how you will follow-up. First Paragraph The first paragraph of your
letter should include information on why you are writing. Mention the job you are applying for and where you found the job listing. Include
the name of a mutual contact, if you have one. Middle Paragraph(s) The next section of your application letter should describe what you
have to offer the employer
Application Letter Template Contact Information The first section of your letter should include information on how the employer can contact
you. If you have contact information for the employer, include that. Otherwise, just list your information. Your Personal Information
FirstName LastName Street Address City, State, Zip Code Phone Number Email Address Date
Education
KnowledgeSoft, Inc., Mechanicsburg, PA, 3/1997 Courses in Intranetware 4.11 Administration and 4.1a Advanced Administration
 
12 1993
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania
 
City
 
, 
State
B.S.B.A
 
: 
Business Administration/Office Administration
 
12 1993
 
John L. Grove College of Business
 
Business Administration/Office
Administration
Business Communication, Business Programming, Marketing, Finance, IBM Software Applications, and ManagementA.A
 
5 1991
 
Harrisburg Area Community College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.11
 
Accounting, IBM Software Applications, Intermediate Lotus 2.1,
Advanced Lotus 2.1 Macros, MS-DOS Commands, IBM Basic Programming, Advanced WordPerfect 5.1, and Novell Netware GPA: 3.11
Academics/Business
 
1 1988
 
East Pennsboro Area High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Academics/Business Typing, Word Processing, Office Procedures,
Bookkeeping, and Shorthand Recipient of Award for East Pennsboro Most Outstanding Business Student