AS
K-12 PRINCIPAL
Professional Summary
Committed and passionate, K-12 educational leader and lifelong learner with effective communication skills and 10 years of experience. Builds
trusting, authentic relationships with students, staff, and parents. Believes in analyzing and synthesizing classroom, district, and state assessment
data to drive instruction.
Work History
Company Name
 
- 
K-12 Principal
 
City
 
, 
State
 
08/2011
 
- 
Current
Provided teacher feedback from formal and informal observations and walk-throughs.
Built trusting and authentic relationships with staff, students, parents, and community members.
Helped create and support teacher professional goals.
Developed and implemented "AM Seminar" district-wide K-12 morning math and reading intervention program that included free breakfast
program.
Developed curriculum for new teacher induction program and facilitated induction classes.
Facilitated monthly district-wide PLC's, and bi-monthly school-wide PLC's MTSS's.
Developed 3 monthly staff agendas (one for each building)
Trained teachers on effective teaching techniques, classroom management strategies and behavior modification.
Developed and built positive behavior support program in all three buildings (elementary, middle, and high school).
Presented data and other important instructional information regularly to school board.
Modeled engaging, and rigorous instruction based on best practices.
Mentored and supported new and struggling teachers.
Worked with staff to resolve issues.
Built authentic and trusting relationships with parents, staff, and community members.
Monitored and managed student discipline policies in all three buildings.
Facilitated MTSS and PLC meetings that focused on using data to drive classroom instruction.
Provided training opportunities for teachers (both inside and outside of district).
Scheduled and facilitated teacher Interviews.
Modeled expected and appropriate leadership to promote positive interaction with teachers, students, and families.
Communicated regularly
Developed and implemented school policies and procedures in all three schools.
Researched and and shared instructional strategies to optimize education effectiveness.
Assessed current academic programs throughout each year to determine success.
Facilitated continued professional development for teaching staff through implementation of quality curriculum training and appropriation of
necessary resources.
Company Name
 
- 
Sixth Grade Middle School Language Arts Teacher
 
City
 
, 
State
 
08/2009
 
- 
07/2012
Developed and implement school-wide middle school homework policy.
Helped students develop important learning skills and good study habits useful in trade school or college education.
Consulted often with head of langrage arts department teacher for support and advice when needed.
Served on reading workshop committee and PBIS team.
Developed weekly lesson plans and collaborated with special education teacher and partner.
Established high academic expectations and clear classroom rules and procedures.
Established appropriate deadlines and provided complete instructions for reading and writing assignments and homework.
Contacted parents regularly to provide information regarding assignments, projects, and assessments.
Delivered engaging and rigorous instruction based on Colorado Academic State Standards.
Analyzed student data using classroom, district, and state assessments to guide classroom instruction.
Trained to administer assessments and standardized tests to evaluate student progress.
Adapted lesson plans and curricula to student interests, increasing GPAs and student engagement.
Developed strong and trusting relationships with peers.
Built deep and authentic relationships with students and their families.
Offered support and guidance when students struggled academically and/or socially. Provided personal guidance for students struggling both
in and out of classrooms, maintaining professionalism while helping students feel safe.
Kept classroom organized, clean, and safe for all students and visitors.
Three years of highest reading and writing student growth and achievement in school on CSAP.
Two years 70% at grade level
Company Name
 
- 
Elementary Teacher 
City
 
, 
State
 
08/2006
 
- 
07/2008
Taught 6th grade (2006-2007 school year).
Taught 4th grade (2007-2008 school year)
Communicated student progress, academic difficulties or behavioral concerns to parents, guardians and administration using tact andprofessionalism to improve student academic performance.
Developed and implemented classroom procedures that provided safe learning environment.
Provided focused instruction group, small group, and individualized at work.
Developed and organized reading and math stations.
Organized classroom supplies and decorated classroom walls to celebrate student achievements to create fun, nurturing settings and meet
learning n
Collaborated with student parents to plan classroom parties.
Prepared materials for lessons, assignments and assessments and evaluated, corrected and graded student performance to identify gaps in
skills or knowledge and set realistic goals.
Skills
Relationship building and networking
Policy and procedure adherence
Common Core learning standards
Group facilitation and presentations
Elementary, Middle, and High School Education
High Performance Standards
Education
12/2008
Western Governors University
City
 
, 
State
Master of Science
 
: 
Educational Leadership
12/2005
Western Governors University
City
 
, 
State
Master of Arts
 
: 
K-8 Teaching
12/1996
Colorado Mesa University
City
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Mass Communication