OPERATIONS RESEARCH ANALYST
Summary
Personable project manager successful at building strong professional relationships. Manages large and complex projects while maintaining high
team morale and energy. 
More than eight years of progressive management experience and repeated success in developing project initiatives,
directing project plans and achieving performance targets.
 Â 
Highlights
Organized
Unsurpassed work ethic
Results-oriented
Detail-oriented
Process improvement
Management information systems
Work flow planning
Software/hardware support experience
Accomplishments
Initiation and design of equipment testing program leading to Memorandum of Understanding between the Department of Homeland
Security National Urban Security Technology Laboratory and the New York Police Department.
Recipient of numerous awards for both team and individual performance.
Completed government training and certification program for Test and Evaluation Manager Level II.
Developed working relationships with many State and local responder agencies.
Experience
Operations Research Analyst
 
01/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Initiated and managed program to test incoming radiation detection equipment into New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Since 2009,
the project has tested over 25 million dollars worth of equipment and more than 10,000 units.
Activities included process and procedure development, instrumenting and maintaining test facilities and managing and scheduling testing
team.
Coordination of activities with the New York Police Department (NYPD) Counter Terrorism Bureau, other state and local first responder
organizations in the New York City Metropolitan Area and the Brookhaven National Laboratory.
Information Technology Specialist
 
03/2003
 
to 
01/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Data Collection and Test Manager for the Department of Homeland Security and NYPD collaborative acquisition program for a roadway
deployed radiation detector prototype. Planned and executed initial data collection effort in support of the acquisition project. Effort
involved coordination with NYPD, regional toll authorities, and National Laboratories. Developed the data collection plan, budget and
schedule. Managed test team staff, and provided oversight of acquired prototype and final prototype testing program, including test
planning, coordination, scheduling and budgeting. Provided technical support to program team on development of the Request for
Information and proposal reviews.
Training and deployed as a technical expert in analysis of radiation spectra. Provided expert radiological assistance to the first responder
community with very short turn around time. The radiation equipment supported by this program provides spectral signatures of radioactive
materials. Addressed incident calls and evaluated these spectral signatures for potential national security threats.
Appointed Data Collection Lead for Advanced Spectroscopic Portal test campaign at the New York Container Terminal. A responsibility
that required coordination with Federal managers, local officials and law enforcement. Major responsibilities included training and oversight
of the screening team.
S&T Countermeasures Test Beds Collaborative Website Manager and Information Technology Field Coordinator. Performed technology
installation, integration and data analysis of radiation detection data in an operational setting. Coordinated with technology users from DHS
headquarters, National Laboratories, State and Local Representatives to provide services and reports via the main collaborative website.
Information Technology Specialist
 
08/1999
 
to 
03/2003
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Designed data structures and developed systems for science related database applications.
Assistant to the Protecting Human Subject Program Manager. This assignment included coordination of the Department's Human Subjects
Working Group including organization/planning of meetings and on site reviews as well as reviewing and editing applications and published
materials.
Education
BS
 
: 
Management Information Systems
 
May 2005
 
New York University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Magna Cum Laude GPA: 3.922 Inducted into Alpha
Sigma Lambda Honor Society Dean's List: Fall 2001, Spring 2002
Coursework Included:
Statistical Methods, Economics, Database Design, System Analysis and Design, Business Organization and Management, Management
Information Systems, Object Oriented Analysis, Interactive Design, and IT Networking
Skills
Project Management, Information Design, Relationship Building, Information Technology, Procedure Development, Scheduling, Website Design,MS Office Suite, Training Development, Quality Processes, Event Planning, Work Breakdown Structures