HR MANAGER
Skill Highlights
HR SKILLS
HR Department Startup
Three New Organization Startups
Employment Law
FMLA/ADA/EEO/WC
Mediation & Advocacy
HR Policies & Procedures *Staff Recruitment & Retention
Salary Negotiations
Employee Relations
Benefits Administration
Unemployment Administration
Worker's Compensation Administration
Orientation & On-Boarding
HRIS Technologies
Training & Development
Performance Management
Organizational Development
HR Program/Project Management
HRIS applications (Lawson, Paychex, Kronos, ADP)
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher, Access, Visio, Outlook)
Professional Experience
HR Manager
 
Jan 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage the Human Resource function for e-Cycle's corporate office as well as their fulfillment and data center, consisting of benefits and
compensation administration, payroll, employee relations, policy compliance, and recruitment.
Key Results: Foster an associate-oriented culture that emphasizes continuous improvement, team- work, high performance and quality.
Ensure organizational conformation with applicable HR related regulations and statutes as well as organizational procedures and policies.
Implement HR programs and policies as needed by the organization.
Identify, evaluate, and resolve human relations, employee morale, work performance, and organizational productivity concerns.
Develop staffing strategies and implement programs and plans to identify and cultivate effective and appropriate sources for employees at all
job levels.
Create or assist in the creation of associate training and organizational development programs.
Develop and manage the annual associate review process.
Insure that regional staff is included in corporate activities and feel like they are a part of the team.
Responsible for the human resource management system(s) and provide staff and management with essential reporting information in order
to help them in managing their associate resources.
Recruit and retain top quality associates for each department, this includes recruiting nationally and in some cases at an executive level.
Create or assist in the creation of compensation plans.
Employee benefit administration consisting of Health, Dental, Vision, VSTD, VLTD and 401(k).
Successful in reducing the health benefit expected increase from 46% to 5% during my first month with the organization.
Sr. HR Manager
 
Jan 2013
 
to 
Jan 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a leader within the HR and Operations team, I was instrumental in partnering with local leadership and Corporate HR to develop and
implement HR policies, processes, technology and services that are aligned to support our company's strategic initiatives in order to have a
successful start-up.
Key Results: Coordinated efforts to recruit and hire over 220 full time hourly associates and 27 management level employees while
converting agency staff to full time.
Instrumental in managing and creating the set up of the HR business office, which included development of personnel files, new hire
practices, payroll, and HR reporting.
Manage, by providing direction and development to HR, and develop the HR delivery as business continued to grow.
Strategic business partner to the Site Director, as well as other operations leaders, in support of start-up operations, day-to-day operations,
and peak season planning, staffing and operations.
Worked successfully with local temporary agencies in order to staff to our Peak volume, which consisted of over 1800 total associates
delivering over 3 million units from Black Friday to Christmas.
Influence HR strategy and execute tactical direction for the facility within the overall HR strategy.
Ensure internal consistency of HR policies and procedures across multiple locations.
Interact with the Corporate HR team for exempt staffing, compensation and benefits, and other functional groups in order to support
Operations.Maintain knowledge of HR policies and procedures, laws and regulations, industry trends and developments to ensure accurate information
is being communicated throughout the company.
Develop a work environment that demonstrates Fanatics core values.
Provide strategic direction on leadership development and workforce planning initiatives within the fulfillment center.
Coach senior business leaders and front line supervisors on HR polices, procedures, and best practices in dealing with employee relation
issues, such as, poor performance, attendance, and behavior and conduct issues.
Championed a fun, friendly and approachable HR team of professionals.
Ensure integrity, maintenance and confidentiality of all personnel records in accordance with policies and procedures and applicable Federal
and State laws.
Improve HR service delivery in line with overall business performance expectations.
Look for ways to innovate systems for HR delivery (People, process & technology).
Manage the HR function with measurable objectives, and communicate the bottom line impact of HR delivery to the business.
HR Director
 
Jan 2008
 
to 
Jan 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a member of the executive team, I was directly and solely responsible for providing situation appropriate and policy compliant human
resource support for 2 separate business units for a community based, non-profit, health care organization with approximately 184
employees.
Key Results: Played a key role in ensuring the successful merge of five separate private physician practices into one Non-Profit organization.
Structured and implemented programs and policies in the areas of compensation structures, benefits packages, incentive compensation plans
and physician employment contracts.
Fostered a teamwork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization with an 85% overall employee
satisfaction rating.
Responsible for maintaining staffing levels for all positions within the health center which consisted of full time, part time and on-call staff.
Negotiated more than 100 salary offers at both the exempt and nonexempt level.
Successful recruitment of Physicians, CEO, COO, CFO, CMO and various managers.
Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA, attendance policies and benefits
information.
Implemented employee satisfaction surveys and presented results to Board of directors.
Introduced company's first formal performance review program.
Developed job descriptions across all levels and categories.
Shadowed" and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position.
HR Representative
 
Jan 2001
 
to 
Jan 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Nation's largest small-box discount retailer.
Fulfilled a broad range of HR Generalist functions, including recruiting, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action and managing
HR support staff.
Key Results: Trained management team on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducted workshops and one-on-one coaching
sessions that contributed to sound hiring decisions.
Instrumental in the start-up of the new 1.2 million sq.
ft.
state of the art distribution center.
Hiring over 400 plus employees within the first year that consisted of part time, full time and temporary staff.
Overseen morale-boosting programs (including special events, annual employee picnic, attendance and safety banquets, etc.
that increased employee satisfaction and productivity.
Investigated all employee relation issues, such as sexual harassment, discrimination, and inappropriate conduct by either hourly employees
and or management staff.
Responsible for staffing all hourly positions, which consisted of maintaining 878 hourly employees among three shifts.
Education
Bachelor of Business Administration
 
MOUNT VERNON NAZARENE UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Professional Affiliations
Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) *Muskingum Valley Human Resource Management Association
Skills
ADA, ADP, art, agency, benefits, Benefits Administration, Coach, coaching, conflict resolution, continuous improvement, contracts, decision
making, delivery, direction, Employee Relations, special events, financial, functional, Hiring, HRIS, human resource management, Human
Resource, Human Resources, HR, human relations, Kronos, Lawson, leadership, leadership development, Law, legal compliance, Director,
managing, management reporting, Mediation, Access, Excel, MS Office, office, Outlook, PowerPoint, Publisher, win, Word, negotiating,
Negotiations, Organizational Development, organizational, payroll, Peak, Performance Management, personnel, Policies, problem solving,
processes, Profit, implement programs, Project Management, quality, quantitative analysis, Recruitment, recruiting, reporting, safety, sound, staff
development, staffing, strategy, Strategic, Structured, surveys, team- work, teamwork, Visio, Vision, workshops