STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Executive Summary
Motivated, enthusiastic and cheerful seeking a position that involves community, assisting city residence and positively interacting with people.
Experienced leader and Supervisor. Analytical and detail-oriented financial manager with over 26 years of expertise in government accounting and
financial management. Hardworking, detail oriented, honest, effective and outgoing. Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Core Qualifications
Supervision and training
Sound judgment
Budget Allocation
Calm under pressure
Team Player
Training and Development
Administrative Skills
BudgetÂ Analsis
Budget Development
Budget Forcasts
Professional Experience
01/2015
 
to 
01/2016
Staff Accountant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Maintain accurate timely accounting records for all entities and includes implementation of accounting policies and procedures.
Plan, develop and implement procedures for more efficient, accurate, informative and timely financial reporting that can provide management
with the tools to effectively direct the organization.
Reconcile and review accounts, balance sheets and invoices.
Ensure that all invoices are auditable and supported by request, approval, invoice and receipt of material request.
Determine estimated costs by expense account code required for 6 month budget cycle.
Receive and review and make proper payments on incoming invoices.
01/2012
 
to 
01/2015
Federal Accountant
 
Company Name
Responsible for recording and depositing federal payments.
Responsible for certifying outgoing payments.
Responsible for posting To By Other (TBO's) transactions to balance with U.S.
Treasury.
Tasked ensuring end-of-month financial reports balance with government financial systems.
Responsible for compiling daily balancing reports for daily reconciliation of funds.
01/2003
 
to 
01/2011
Resource Officer
 
Company Name
Responsible for the recording, reporting and reconciling over $200,000,000.00 of expenditures within the U.S.
Marine Corps Accounting system.
Retired from USMC after 24 years of service.
Ensured completion of all levels of the accounting cycle to include commitments, obligations, expenses and liquidations for both MFP-11
and MFP 2 appropriations.
Ensured the validity and accuracy of financial records by maintaining continuous oversight of all accounting transactions and policy as
required by regulation.
Supported the commands financial plan by ensuring the proper executing and recording of accounting transactions in clearly defined
categories.
Formulated and supervised the execution of policies and procedures pertaining to the accounting Marine Corps operating forces and
supporting establishments.
Identified and initiated corrective accounting action in SABRS, HQMC and USSOCOM when necessary.
Established an accounting training program ensuring proper accounting training to all fund managers to properly utilize accounting and supply
systems in MARSOC to better support the operators requirements.
Coordinated and conducted all fiscal assist visits to MARSOC fund holders.
Provided accounting structure and authorizations in the Defense Travel System (DTS).
Liaison to both USMC and USSOCOM for all accounting systems issues.
Supervised staff of over 30 to include both civilian and military personnel.
Briefed Commanders, senior military officials and financial analysts about financial and regulatory matters.
Inspected accounting systems for efficiency, effectiveness, and use of accepted accounting procedures and policy to record transactions.
Formulated and supervised the execution of policies and procedures pertaining to the accounting for appropriated funds supporting the U.S.
Marine Corps Forces, Special Operations Command (MARSOC), Marine Corps operating forces and supporting establishments.
01/1987
 
to 
01/2003
Financial Management Resource Analyst
 
Company Name
Complied with federal, state, and Department of Defense (DOD) policies, procedures, and regulations.
Compiled statistical, financial, accounting or auditing reports and tables pertaining to expenditures, accounts.payable and receivable.
Coded documents according to company procedures.
Reconciled or noted and reported discrepancies found in records.
Education
2008
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Management
 
Park University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Management
Personal Information
Service Country: United States Branch: USMC Rank: Chief Warrant Officer 3
Interests
September 1987 to December 2011 Accounting Officer for MARSOC-Camp Lejuene
Skills
accounting, accounting systems, Accounting system, accounts payable and receivable, auditing, balance, balance sheets, budget, DTS, financial,
financial reports, financial reporting, funds, government, personnel, policies, reconciling, recording, reporting, tables, Treasury
Additional Information
MILITARY SERVICE Service Country: United States Branch: USMC Rank: Chief Warrant Officer 3 September 1987 to December
2011 Accounting Officer for MARSOC-Camp Lejuene Commendations: 4th award AWARDS Navy & Marine Corps Commendation
Medal Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal Joint Service Medal Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal Sea Service deployement
Medal Joint Service Achievement medal National Defense Service Medal Global War on Terror Medal Selected Marine Corps Reserve
Medal Meritorious Service Medal ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Actively seeking employment