FINANCE DIRECTOR
Summary
Remarkably astute and analytical professional with over 12 years of hands-on experience in diverse accounting and finance management, human
resources, facilities administration, and policy interpretation and implementation. Versatile with excellent ability to work independently or as part of
a team. Highly skilled in financial and accounting analyses, combined with strong organizational, communication, and leadership abilities.
Experience
01/2012
 
to 
06/2016
Finance Director
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Administer 137 million in federal funding to over 15K low income families in Miami Dade County Create monthly executive reporting
package identifying key drivers & metrics of forecasted performance against budget & prior forecasts.
Participates with Senior Management to establish economic objectives & policies for the company Oversees internal, external & regulatory
audit processes Direct the development & implementation of the corporate annual operating plan & monthly forecasts & initiatives
Accounting and Tax Develop, assess, and maintain, and update as appropriate, general accounting systems, policies, and procedures to
ensure that proper information is reported in accordance with IRS and US GAAP.
Liaison with external auditors, Develop and support financial reporting internal controls, Responsible for the submission of accurate and
timely data for financial reporting purposes to Senior Management and headquarters.
Responsible for the treasury of North American companies including cash planning and reporting to Senior Management and Headquarters.
Accountable for the maintenance and administration of the general accounting systems, including upkeep of the general ledger.
Accountable for all day-to-day financial activities within the Hub, including payables, bank transfers etc.
Ensure filing for all applicable income, property, sales and use tax returns for the US and Canada (Federal and Provincial taxes).
Support audits for all tax matters (external, internal and tax audits).
Coordinates the work of the external and internal auditors and supports the work of the tax consultants Updates the tax model and
calculates the tax accruals.
Ensures the timely and accurate filing for sales taxes and the filing for income taxes.
Leading Accounting & Finance Team: Utilizes interpersonal & communication skills to lead, influence, & encourage others; advocates sound
financial/business decision making; demonstrates honesty/integrity; leads by example Provide excellent leadership by assigning team
members & other departments managers' clear accountability backed by appropriate authority.
Leverage strong functional leadership & communication skills to influence the executive team, & own team.
Payroll Preparation and Administration Oversee all payroll functions to ensure that employees are paid in a timely and accurate manner
Process and submit statutory and benefits remittances on time Collaborates with Human Resources in identifying retirement and benefit
programs and negotiating rates with benefit brokers.
Ensures compliance to Affordable Care Act reporting requirements Maintaining Financial Goals: Ensure P&L are documented accurately &
timely Develops & support achievement of performance goals, budget goals, team goals Lead continuous improvements of measuring &
reporting of receivable Procurement Lead the company's procurement and vendor management strategies in support of current requirements
and company growth.
Assures a formalized approach to the treatment of suppliers with respect to competitive bidding, not to exceed pricing, optional pricing for
follow-on quantities, price reductions for subsequent lots, liquidated damages and long-term contracts.
Assures documentation standards are established and followed for correspondence between procurement and suppliers in the form of
negotiation files, memorandums to file, trip reports and significant verbal communications with suppliers.
01/2008
 
to 
01/2012
Corporate Controller
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Financial Management / Oversight: Responsible for all accounts, ledgers, and reporting systems to make sure they are in compliance with
appropriate GAAP standards and regulatory requirements Ensure that trial balance accounts are reconciled with the proper support
schedules and related documents are complete and properly filed Consistently analyze financial data and present financial reports in an
accurate and timely manner Participate as a member of the Finance department team in the annual budgeting and planning process Support
the CFO in engaging the board's audit and finance committees around issues and trends in financial operating models and delivery Cash
Management: Manage the process of daily depositing of funds from both contracts and sales Monitor cash position and ensure wires to the
field and to selected vendors are done timely Constantly analyze cash flow position and perform monthly organizational cash flow
forecasting Compliance/Processes: Provide oversight to all compliance activities within the Finance department Review global policies and
processes in an ongoing manner to maintain best practices Participate in the review and any amendments to the existing Finance Policies and
Procedures Provide leadership, proper planning, and management during the annual federal telecommunication and all other global audits,
including those for non US offices.
Supervision: Provide oversight to global team to ensure collaboration and communication are consistent Provide supervision and mentorship
to the finance/accounting team Build the capacity of the team and constantly provide support and training to increase productivity and job
satisfaction of the team Complete evaluations in a timely manner and follow up accordingly.
This can include Performance Improvement Plans or recommendations for promotions, etc.
Work with team for setting ongoing overarching goals.
03/2003
 
to 
12/2007
SR Tax Analyst
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Review and correct Trust Returns (1041), Corporate Returns (1065), and apply CT K-1 to non-residents tax payers.
Receive over 200 calls daily from tax payers, and help resolve related tax issues.Review and make adjustments on income tax bill for refund accounts.
Education
2004
BA
 
: 
Business
 
Eastern CT State University
 
Business
2007
MST/Taxation
 
University of Hartford
Skills
Accounting, general accounting, accruals, approach, trial balance, benefits, budgeting, budget, cash flow, analyze cash flow, Cash Management,
interpersonal & communication, communication skills, competitive, contracts, decision making, delivery, documentation, drivers, Senior
Management, filing, Finance, Financial, analyze financial data, Financial Management, financial reports, financial reporting, forecasting, functional,
funds, general ledger, Hub, Human Resources, leadership, negotiating, negotiation, organizational, payables, Payroll, Policies, pricing, Processes,
Procurement, reporting, sales, sound, Supervision, Tax, taxes, tax returns, telecommunication, treasury, vendor management