INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR
Professional Profile
B.S. graduate with a record of success implementing IT solutions. Demonstrated commitment to quality and customer service, detail oriented,
strong team player, self motivated, demonstrated exceptional analytical skills, proven ability to work effectively and cross functionally with all levels
of management with responsibilities increasing in scope. 9+ years of experience as Client/Server developer using Transact SQL, PL\SQL, Classic
ASP, ASP.net, HTML, DHTML, XML, JavaScript, using CSS layout and design principles. 7+ years of managing project timeliness, accuracy,
approving high-level and detail designs, as well as managing successful test plans. Directed all stages of software development including
requirements, design, coding, testing and implementation of several company wide Intranet initiatives like Ovations! - An associate rewards and
recognition program used by over 30,000 employees; Kronos TM Workforce Central - a time and attendance program for 13,000 non-exempts
employees. Several projects included the management of offsite vendor resources. Experience using the following database management tools MS
SQL Server 6.5,7, 2000 and 2005, My SQL, and Oracle 9i. Proficient with MS Windows, MS Office, Minitab, Business Objects, Adobe CS3
Web Edition, Visual Studio, Frontpage, PaintShop Pro.
Experience
Information Technology Coordinator
 
Nov 2003
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
Provide technical support throughout the office from building and managing the web presence, networking computers and other
office equipment as well as researching grant opportunities for the implementation of a technology component for the Leadership SOAR program.
Responsible for building capacity for the foundation within the area of information technology by helping them move closer to a paperless
environment. The scope of my role is to streamline IT operations, implement an effective online marketing and media strategy, automate the work
processes for employees, and centralize the activities of GivingBack Foundation, Inc. by using the internet and other media.
Web Developer
 
Jun 2003
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
As webmaster I was responsible for the wing-to-wing implementation of online solutions for small businesses using the full System
Development Life Cycle. All projects were delivered 100% on time, within budget by correctly assessing needs upfront, and gathering detailed
design specifications that prevent scope creep. I was directly involved in the design/develop/testing phases, the implementing of database systems
using Classic ASP/ASP.net 2.0 and MS SQL Server 2000/2005 in the Windows Hosting environment, PHP 4.0 - 5.0 and MySQL 4 in the Linux
Hosting environment as well as providing support operations, and evaluating the overall system performance after project launch. A few key
ASP.Net/MS SQL 2005 solutions implemented during this period were vendor developed ad tracking and e-mail newsletter marketing software.
Clients relied upon the research and cost benefit analysis provided to determine the best solution that met their needs and budget.
Intranet Application Support Analyst
 
Jan 2003
 
to 
Jul 2007
 
Company Name
 
Key responsibilities were to manage the timeliness and accuracy of system parameter setups and data migration of files for private
label and bank card projects. Worked with functional areas such as Marketing, Risk, Fraud, Operations, and Collections to ensure that
parameters implemented met project requirements by serving as the IT lead responsible for overcoming any organizational and technical barriers
that arose. During this period I was able to successfully multi-task and manage several projects concurrently making my role key in the successful
implementation of 14 new portfolios that had a combined growth of $1.26B in new receivables. Implemented successful business-wide initiatives
such as: Ovations! - An associates rewards and recognition system. Primary responsibility was to enhance the system's Graphical User Interface
and make it more intuitive for the users. The completed project resulted in a 50% increase in system productivity while remaining stable during
peak usage periods. This was accomplished by managing the wing-to-wing project implementation with the selected outside vendor and internal IT
teams involved. Kronos TM Workforce Central - Key responsibility was to stabilize the application within the Windows 2k/Oracle 9i
infrastructure by leveraging a test server for validating patches, and major version updates by the vendor. Once moved to the live production
environment, load balancing between 3 application and 1 database server was implemented to better support peak usage times. This allowed the
system to always be available for users to accurately record their time and ensured the Human Resource department they were within 99%
compliance in handling employee payroll. Managed Offshore Resources during several key Intranet initiatives by assisting in the review and
approval of high-level and detail design of business requirements for the enhancements/maintenance of other miscellaneous web applications within
the scope of the Consumer Finance IT build team. After the testing phase was complete I assured the hand off from the build to the production run
team was a seamless transition that did not interrupt any existing production processes. Initiated the role of a technical support contact providing
maintenance and enhancements for three integrated business tracking systems built with classic ASP and MS SQL used to manage the work flow
for a Portfolio Services department of 120 associates. Phases of the application were being built by members of the Information Management
Leadership Program (IMLP), each with specific requirements to implement within their six month rotation. These rotations left a support gap which
I filled to address any system issues as they rose. This resulted in a smoother transition between the IMLP members by allowing them time to focus
on and fulfilling their requirements of the program instead of immediately coming into a new rotation addressing issues left by a previous colleague.
Implemented a database migration plan from MS SQL Server 6.5 to 2000, which included maintenance schedules and archiving. By the structure
of the two versions MS SQL server being completely different, it had to be a two phased approach. Phase one required a migration from 6.5 to
7.0. Phase two was to migrate from 7.0 to 2000. Since support was going to be dropped for MS SQL Server 6.5 the entire project had to be
completed within 30 days. This migration allow me to implement a regularly scheduled maintenance plan that reduced end-user downtime from 10
- 20 hours per month to zero The Subject Matter Expert for the Mid-Range Application group in Stamford responsible for conducting a transfer of
knowledge from the Atlanta data management personnel back to the Mid-Range team for ongoing support. Due to the elimination of curtain
business functions this process had to be successfully completed within 60 days to prevent the possible impact of production systems there after.
Education
Bachelor's
 
, 
Computer Information Systems
 
DeVry University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
 
9/2000 - 6/2004 DeVry University, Alpharetta, Georgia
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Information Systems Academic Honors: Dean's List, Hope Scholarship GPA 3.46 while working and attending
school full-time
Affiliations
GivingBack Foundation, Inc
Certifications
Six Sigma Green Belt Certified
SkillsMarketing, Operations, Database, Asp, Ms Sql Server, Sql, Sql Server, Technical Support, Testing, Asp.net, Budget, Clients, Database Systems,
Life Cycle, Linux, Ms Asp, Ms Sql Server 2000, Mysql, Online Solutions, Php, Project Launch, Solutions, Sql Server 2000, System
Development, Closer, Media Strategy, Networking, Online Marketing, Bank Card, Collections, Credit, Data Migration, Receivables, Intranet,
Maintenance, Application Support, Archiving, Data Management, Subject Matter Expert, Work Flow, Business Requirements, Engineer, Finance,
Graphical User Interface, Increase, Kronos, Load Balancing, Offshore, Oracle, Payroll, Production Environment, User Interface, Belt Certified,
Black Belt, Six Sigma, Six-sigma, .net, Associate, Client/server, Coding, Css, Customer Service, Database Management, Detail Oriented, Dhtml,
Flash, Frontpage, Html, Javascript, Microsoft Sql Server, Microsoft Sql Server 2000, Minitab, Ms Office, Photoshop, Project Management,
Receptionist, Retail Sales, Self Motivated, Software Development, Structured Software, Team Player, Test Plans, Time & Attendance, Time And
Attendance, Visual Studio, Xml