ASSISTANT TO MANAGING DIRECTOR
Professional Profile
natalia garcia Versatile and solutions-driven professional with outstanding strategic planning Business Management Professional Motivated and
multifaceted candidate. Eager to contribute strong sales management, general business administration, CRM, HR, operations planning,
coordination and monitoring skills. Proficient at identifying cost-effective strategies to promote significant savings. Effectively define, develop and
implement action plans and policies to maximize productivity and efficiency.
Experience
Assistant to Managing Director
 
December 2013
 
to 
April 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Offered dedicated support to the Managing Director as to other Executives when required, conducting research, issuing all corporate
presentations, arranging meetings, appointments, and travel accommodations improving overall quality and efficiency.
Filtered Managing Director phone calls, managed his Agenda and prepared correspondence as required.
Communicated regularly with vendors and contractors scheduling meetings and addressing concerns.
Prepared the general requisition purchase order for stationary and organized the filing system in a timely manner.
Prepared reports, conducted reconciliations, and resolved discrepancies.
Excelled balancing staff and DirectorÂ´s needs.
Key Accomplishments Overhauled and solved an accumulated discrepancy on a series of vendor invoices and succeeded on the
reconciliation.
Carrying out background research and presenting successful findings ; Producing documents, briefing papers, reports and weekly and
monthly presentations; Notably organized and arranged meetings and corporate events; ensuring the manager is well prepared and arranging
locations and venues set up, media technology and catering.
Business Manager
 
April 2008
 
to 
December 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Organized, planned and supervised essential central services such as reception, security, maintenance, mail, as well as day to day running of
the office.
Responsible for making sure that contracts, insurance requirements and safety standards are correctly complied with.
Was in charge of 10 members of staff.
Developed and updated customer database for phone calls, product launches, events.
Manage cash loss prevention procedures and established security policies and business plan.
Kept senior management informed of changes in my areas of responsibility.
Analysed sales figures and forecasted future sales volumes.
Involved in the recruitment, assessment and interviewing of new staff.
Managed and motivated staff to increase sales and ensure business efficiency.
Produced reports on performance, then measured these against set indicators.
Reviewing current organizational effectiveness and made recommendations for improvements.
Key Accomplishments Operations planning, organization, coordination and monitoring, during projects and working along with the technical
team to ensure on-time, budget-compliant completion while maintaining high quality standards.
Managing time, establish priorities and delegating effectively.
Able to prepare budgets and cost estimates.
Liaising with local authorities and regulatory bodies on business related issues.
Expansion, follow up and improvement of relationships.
Excellent communication skills and ability to present across all media.
Ability to function in a fast-paced environment.
Viajes Marsans, S.A. 
(Travel agency.
Travel consultant
 
October 2004
 
to 
April 2008
 
City
Acted as key person, after office Director.
Possessed touristic market knowledge as different booking & management systems: Global Amadeus, Sire (Spanish railway company
booking system) & tour operator booking websites.
Managed intranet and accounting system.
Accountable for commercial purposes, general administration tasks, and accountancy duties.
Planning, organization and sale of all type of travels, packages, plane tickets, spectacles tickets, and private events.
Key Accomplishments.
Department manager: Remarkably developed the creation and coordination of a new department in order to provide European Tour
operators with all touristic services required in Spain.
Education
Masters in Digital Marketing and 2.0 Communications - ENyD Business School & Universidad Europea Miguel de Cervantes
 
: 
October 2013
MBA - EAE (school of business administration)
 
: 
May 2012
Bachelors of Arts
 
: 
Tourism Business Management
 
, 
June 2002
 
National University of Distance Education
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
, 
Spain
 
Tourism Business
ManagementMasters of Business Administration
Languages
Bilingual in English and Spanish. Conversational French and Italian
Skills
accountancy, accounting system, agency, budgets, Budget, business plan, Excellent communication, contracts, Contract Negotiation, Client
Relations, database, English, senior management, fast, filing, Conversational French, insurance, Italian, Legal, Logistics Management, loss
prevention, Director, Managing, market, Marketing, meetings, mail, office, organizational, policies, presenting, presentations, Producing, quality,
reception, recruitment, research, safety, sales, scheduling, Spanish, phone, type, websites