FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
preparing annual budgets, monitoring key accounts and credit control. Having the ability to handle complex assignments effectively & possessing
the confidence to work as part of a team or independently. Abdul Majeed is presently looking for a suitable opportunity position with a forward
thinking company where he can excel, deliver & achieve his potential. MBA -Finance with 20 years' experience in the field of accounts & finance.
Expertise in spearheading corporate and financial planning initiatives in Commercial Operation, Accounts & Finance, Auditing & Taxation, MIS,
Exports Management and export document negotiation. Expertise in designing and implementing systems to achieve financial discipline and
improve the overall efficiency of the organization. Strong analytical skills Good relationship management & negotiation skills in liaising with Banks,
other financial institutions and various regulatory authorities. Well versed with SAP, Oracle Business Suite 11i and Tally.
Experience
Finance Manager
 
February 2001
 
to 
September 2014
Determining financial objectives.
Designing & implementing systems, policies & procedures to facilitate internal financial control.
Preparing Annual Budget and forecasting trends.
Developing reports for top management summarizing the business financial position in areas of income, expenses, capital usage and cash
flows, and coordinate the preparation of strategic plans, budgets and financial forecast.
Developing and updating accounting, finance and management policies and procedures.
Effective Cash Flow Management Monitoring budgets and comparing them with actual cost and revenues related to production, marketing
and capital.
Coordinating the preparation, maintenance and filing of projected P&L Account, Bills Discounting and Balance Sheet as required by bank
authorities and other financial institutions.
Coordinate the preparation of Financial Statements, Financial Reports for internal usage.
Getting control accounts reconciled and sorting out the discrepancies Liaison with business related organizations such as Banks, and
preparing budget cum systemizing departmental work.
Handling local Bank of queries for export/import matters and carrying out all correspondence with the bank Remitting foreign currency for
import advance & other expenses like traveling, consultancy, advertising and project export.
Negotiating with the banks for export documentation requirement.
Opening LC for inland and foreign party, bank guarantee for the import.
Processing of Purchase Bills of Raw Material, Asset & Passing Bills of expenses from various departments Implementing training courses
for new recruits At Fama Trading Company 
Riyadh, K.S.A Prepare and submit the group's monthly financial results, budget and quarterly
rolling forecasts and complete the reporting requirements to the parent company Perform detailed account analysis and corporate month-
end processing and reporting Maintain the general ledger, ensuring compliance with Saudi Arabian Standards Review the monthly Business
Activity Statements and review all monthly balance sheet reconciliations Monitor stock levels and perform inventory reconciliations
Supervise the annual audits (internal and external) Review and make decisions on credit limits of new and existing customers Review and
authorize the weekly accounts payable run Improve existing processes and streamline workflows Managed the corporate finance tasks
including all financial, management and statutory accounting and reporting Prepared and interpreted the actual monthly financial statements,
forecasts, budgets and 5-year plans and reviewed the balance sheet reconciliations Managed intercompany processes and monitored KPIs
Prepared documentation to assist with preparing legislative and statutory returns, including Zakat, Prepared statutory reporting and liaised
with auditors on the year-end audit Supervised back office operations including management of staff Managed, reviewed, evaluated,
selected and implemented group consolidation and group OLAP applications Maintained and administered the corporate financial
accounting system (Oracle Financials) Prepared, maintained and developed the corporate section of group policies and procedures
Prepared the monthly payroll and all related employees, Prepared reports summarizing the forecast company business activity and financial
position.
Determined depreciation rates to apply to capital assets Supervised employees in the Finance and Administration Department and was
responsible for the overall direction, coordination and evaluation of this unit Coordinated the preparation of year-end statutory accounts and
tax return Established and maintained relations with banks and other financial institutions Prepared reports required by regulatory agencies
and arranged for audits of company accounts.
Chief Accountant
 
January 1997
 
to 
January 1999
At Global Suhaimi Company 
Dammam, Saudi Arabia Responsible of overall financial and accounting function of the company including
Annual Budgets, Cash flow, Designed and Implemented internal control and financial policies, Preparation of office procedures including the
assigning of duties and responsibilities of all the staff in accounts Department.
Responsibilities: Supervised day to day activities of the Finance Department for the Company.
Prepared monthly provisions and closing of Accounts & also to prepare MIS reports Prepared and reviewing of financial statements,
budget, forecast, monthly business performance, revenue collections, bank reconciliation and sales analysis, etc.
Processed payrolls on time, transfer and reconcile payments to payroll and ledgers.
Maintained of Fixed Assets register, preparation of Fixed Assets schedule and depreciation schedule monthly.
Controlled and supervise all the activities of accounts department Prepared of various daily MIS report for management decision making &
Payroll Daily preparation of bank reconciliation Daily reconciliation of credit card collection Direct dealings with the bank Dealings with the
credit card dispute problems Aging the customer account and follow up for timely payment Prepared of cash flow & Payment Schedules
Salary preparation and processing to bank Handling the daily operations and maintenance of accounts All customers /payable account
reconciliation and maintain the accounts Finalization of Accounts Dealings with the external auditors Weekly reports for the follow up forReceivables with clients and do the necessary arrangements to collect the payments on time, preparing payments for the suppliers on time,
etc.
Supervised the accountants on the daily financial transactions, ensuring all general ledger, accounts payable / receivables, accruals,
prepayments, current assets, accrued income and correctly booked and Co.
policies / procedures are operating effectively.
Supervise/Manage Accounting staff Generating and preparing Financial Statement Prepared Budget Posting and directing accounts
transactions Prepared Annual Zakat declaration Advanced Financial Reports Finalized Company Medical insurance policies contract.
Prepared of financial polices & Internal control Verification all accounting entries Prepared of Balance Sheet Prepared of Trial Balance
Follow up L/C up to define cost of each item's Financial and sales report.
Supervised the inventory control.
Dealing with Banks.
Accountant
 
May 1992
 
to 
September 1996
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Maintained basic accounts, book keeping Reconciliation of Bank statements Ledger entries, journal entries Customer relations Invoice
entries and cross checking Prepared and analyzed financial statements Making Cheques for parties Maintained Ledger for Sales, purchase
Making Vouchers & Entries in Computer Cash Handling & Preparation of Day Book.
Education
Master's degree
M.B.A
 
: 
Finance
 
Brooklyn Park University
 
Finance Location: Pennsylvania United States of America
Certifications
Urdu 
Level: Expert 
Hindi 
Level: Expert 
Arabic 
Level: Intermediate 
English 
Level: Expert
Personal Information
Birth Date: 22 April 1970 (Age: 44) Gender: Male Nationality: India Residence Country: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Visa Status: Residency Visa
(Transferable) Marital Status: Married Number of Dependents: 3 Driving License Issued From: Saudi Arabia
Skills
account reconciliation, Accounting, accounts payable, accruals, streamline, advertising, Arabic, balance sheet, Trial Balance, bank reconciliation,
basic, book keeping, Book, Budgets, Budget, C, Cash Flow, Cash Handling, closing, corporate finance, credit, clients, Customer relations,
decision making, Designing, directing, direction, documentation, English, filing, Finance, Financial, financial and accounting, financial accounting,
Financial Statements, Fixed Assets, forecasting, general ledger, Hindi, insurance, inventory, inventory control, Ledger, marketing, office, MIS,
Negotiating, OLAP, Oracle Financials, Payroll, policies, processes, reporting, requirement, Sales, sales analysis, statutory accounts, strategic
plans, tax, Urdu, year-end
Additional Information
Personal Information Birth Date: 22 April 1970 (Age: 44)
Gender: Male
Nationality: India Residence
Country: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Visa Status: Residency Visa (Transferable)
Marital Status: Married
Number of Dependents: 3
Driving License Issued From: Saudi Arabia
Professional Affiliations
Arab Accreditation Council 
Membership/Role: BPU 2013-11-36453
Member since: November 2013