HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATOR
Professional Summary
Talented and professional Healthcare Administrator offering exceptional and outcomes-based services, combined with knowledge and experience
of a variety of clinical best practices. Â A leader with strong organizational and communication skills, with the ability to concurrently direct multiple
healthcare administrative affairs. Â A valuable asset with a proven record of facilitating support services and managing fast-paced business
operations.
Skill Highlights
Healthcare 
Informatics
Leadership
Communication 
and Relationship Management
Process 
Improvement Â  Â  Â  Â Â 
Business 
Operations Â  Â  Â  Â Â 
Time Management 
Â  Â  Â  Â 
Decision Making 
and Problem Solving 
Â 
Skills
Active Learning, Calendaring, Computer Proficiency, Coordination, Creative Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Customer Needs Assessment,
Customer Service, Data Collection, Data Entry, Documentation, Email, Executive Management Support, Filing, Grammar, Internet Research,
Letters and Memos, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Multi-Task Management,
Organizational Skills, Prioritization, Proofreading, Reading Comprehension, Report Transcription, Research, Scheduling, Speaking, Spreadsheets,
Telephone Skills, Time Management, Travel Arrangements, Typing, Vendor Management, Writing, Medical Terminology, Office Equipment,
Payroll, Personnel, Policies and Procedures, Expense Reports, Customer Service, Billing, Administrative Support, 
Patient-focused care,Â 
Excellent interpersonal skills
Professional Experience
Healthcare Administrator
 
08/2006
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide thorough 
supervision for day-to-day operations of department in accordance with set 
policies and guidelines.
Observe strict 
confidentiality and safeguard all patient-related information.
Coordinate 
with finance department to devise and ensure that the department is operating 
within budgetary guidelines.
Process monthly 
reports for department performance.Â 
Reconcile 
monthly billing reports and execute statistical reports.
Revise policies 
and procedures in accordance with changes in local, state and federal laws 
and regulations.Â 
Carefully review 
medical records for accuracy and completion as required by insurance 
companies.Â 
Liaise with 
management, clinical staff and the community.Â 
Examine 
diagnosis codes for accuracy, completeness, specificity and 
appropriateness according to services rendered.Â 
Properly route 
agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.Â 
Conduct new 
employee orientation/training to foster positive attitude toward 
organizational objectives.Â 
Serve as a link 
between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and 
administering contracts and helping resolve
work-related problems.Â  
Â 
Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.Â 
Human Resources Assistant
 
01/2006
 
to 
08/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained 
confidential security information using Automated Electronic Guard 
Information System (AEGIS) and Justice Consolidated
Office Network (JCON) 
and ensure appropriate modifications.
Worked with 
candidates to complete and submit application for Census suitability.
Administered 
pre-entry security screening procedures for employees and contractual 
personnel.
Managed 
candidates through hiring process and provided administrative support by creating 
more than 1,000Â confidential 
personnel
records.Â 
Reviewed federal 
and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.
Verified references, reviewed 
clearance requests, and reports of background investigations to detect 
omissions in information.
Photographed and fingerprint new 
employees.
Confirmed employees had 
supporting credentials required in completion of adjudication 
determinations before authenticating certified court
documents. 
Â  
Â  
Â 
Operations Office Manager
 
08/2003
 
to 
01/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Oversaw scheduling for the day-to-day activities ofÂ 24Â transportation employees.Â 
Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.Â 
Prepared invoices for all customers in the logistics department at the end of every month.Â 
Mentored, coached and trainedÂ 5 team members.Â 
Responded to employee inquiries regarding payroll and timekeeping.Â 
Prepared purchase orders and expense reports.
Reviewed, investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.
Monitored department performance data to identify and avoid potential risks.
Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis.Â Managed payroll and time and attendance systems.Â  
Education and Training
MBA
 
: 
Health Services Administration
 
06/2012
 
Strayer University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Management
 
06/2008
 
Potomac College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
GPA: 
Dean's List
Associate of Science
 
: 
Business Management
 
06/2005
 
Prince George's Community College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Additional Information
PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION and HONORS
U.S. Department of State: Certificate of Appreciation for Exemplary Participation in Take Your Child to Work Day 2008
U.S. Department of State: Certificate of Recognition for Outstanding Performance 2009
U.S. Department of State: Certificate of Appreciation for Outstanding Performance 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015