CONTRACTS AND FINANCE OFFICER
Professional Profile
Contracts and Finance Officer
Exceptional Payroll Administrator with a background in finance seeks to provide administrative, accounting and payroll support to an energetic
human resources or finance department.
Detail-oriented, efficient and organized Contract and Finance Officer with extensive background in community-based organizations seeks to bring
strong work ethic and engaging interpersonal communication to a vibrant nonprofit company.
Offer expertise in European Development Fund (EDF) Payment and Contract procedures, financial management and accounting procedures and a
keen business sense that combine to deliver sustainable results in Project Management .
Qualifications
Financial Management
Project Cycle Management
Accounting Procedures
Payment/Contract Procedures
Budget Support
EDF Procedures
Productivity Improvement
Quality Control
Filing/Archiving/Documentation
Administration
Record-keeping
Independent worker
Time management
Attention to detail
Microsoft applications
Programme Management
Programme Estimates/Grant
TOMPRO/TOMFED/TOMON Financial Accounting Software for EDF projects and programs
Certificate in Filing, Archiving & Documentation
Project Cycle Management
 Â 
Relevant Experience
Transitioned bookkeeping function from external to in-house to increase efficiency and lower cost
Simplified payroll processing procedure to increase department productivity by 20 %.
Worked with human resources to develop streamlined way to track paid time off.
Experience
Contracts and Finance Officer
 
12/2008
 
to 
08/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
Ensure accuracy and completeness of all payments, recovery and related financial dossiers at both the incoming and outgoing stage.
Processing payment dossiers for efficient implementation of EDF Projects.
Liaise with the European Commission Delegation (ECD) Projects and partners on all matters relating to the financial aspects of EDF
resources including payments, recoveries and procedures.
Maintain control cards and other financial and accounting records necessary for the management of EDF resources.
Update guarantee records and bring up guarantee and action dates.
Initiate and advise on project/programme closures and de-commitments.
Check for correctness of all tenders, contracts, riders and programme estimates.
Verify and validate all payment dossiers for compliance with EDF rules and regulations.
Keep up-to-date EDF rules and regulations and disseminate to users.
Participate in tender evaluation activities.
Co-managed Support Project Draw up programme estimates and tender documents Prepare salary vouchers and circulate pay slips
Maintain Assets Register Assist in organizing and 
coordinating seminars, workshops and 
EDF training for staff and partners UpdateAccounting software ( TOMFED, TOMON) National Authorising Office - Freetown, Sierra Leone.
Reviewed, investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.
Determined proper handling of financial transactions and approved transactions within designated limits.
Distributed expenditure, encumbrances, receipts and receivables according to schedules.
Audited contracts, orders and vouchers.
Prepared purchase orders and expense reports.Managed accounts payable for an organization of 30 
personnel.
Accurately processed data, validation and transmission for weekly, semi-monthly and sales payrolls
.Improved accuracy of payroll journal entries by developing and implementing a payroll reconciliation tool.
Intern/Trainee - Finance
 
06/2007
 
to 
12/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
Provided assistance and support on EDF Contractual, Procurement and Financial Management.
Assisted with the preparation of tender documents and launching of tenders.
Assisted with updating the provider database with all the rules and regulations applicable to the management of EDF.
Assisted with the establishing a database on regional and local service providers.
Prepared payment orders.
Review and initiation of payment dossiers.
Intern
 
09/2005
 
to 
12/2005
 
Company Name
Reviewed pay slips for accuracy.
Prepared stock stack cards.
Responsible for Inventory and Stock control.
Assisted in Procurement procedures.
Prepared and reviewed payment vouchers.
Data entry, archiving and filing.
Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 
: 
Finance, Marketing, Operations Management , Economics and Business Law
 
May 2014
 
University of
Phoenix Online Campus
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States of America
BSc
 
: 
Financial Services
 
July 2005
 
Institute of Public Administration & Management (IPAM) University of Sierra Leone
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Sierra
Leone
Financial Services
Affiliations
Member of the Springs of Joy Advisory Committee Executive Member of the Welfare and Humanitarian Ministry, Public Relations Officer, New
Life Ministries International Member of the Greeters Department, New Life Ministries International Member of the Women's Department, New
Life Ministries International Member of the Eros and Commoners Club, Institute of Public Administration and Management- University of Sierra
Leone
Member of Saint Joseph's Secondary School Band - Drum Major
Skills
Accounting, Accounting software, Budget, Contractual Procedures, 
Data Entry, Database, Documentation, Filing, Financial Accounting,
Financial Reporting, Financial Management, Grants, Inventory Control, Access, Excel, Office, Power Point, Publisher, Microsoft Word,
Organizing, Procurement, Quality Control Stock, Control, 
Preparation of Tender Documents, 
Organize Workshops, Seminars and
Trainings