ASP.NET WEB DEVELOPER
Accomplishments
Won Associate of the Month award at CYIENT
Member of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such as DEBTS and eRFA
Experience
April 2015
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
ASP.Net Web Developer
Responsibilities:
Migration of IU Print website (print.iu.edu) from ColdFusion to ASP.Net using MVC Framework.
Create a prototype dashboard for IU Print Analytics module using High Charts.
July 2011
to
July 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Designed and developed an application to migrate legacy data to ASP.Net application by providing the ability to validate the data to meet
the business rules for the new application.
Design the story board using HTML and CSS and design database for applications by analyzing the customer requirements.
Perform code reviews of the modules developed by other team members and participate in pair programming to improve the coding
standards of the overall application.
Preparation of build packages and actively participate in integration and deployment phase of the applications. TECHNICALS SKILLS:
Programming Languages: C# Web Technologies: SharePoint 2010, ASP.NET 4.0/3.5/2.0, MVC 4 Application Software: Visual Studio
2008/2010/2013, SQL Server Management Studio Databases: SQL Server 2005/2008 R2, MySQL, Oracle Others: HTML, JQuery,
CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JIRA Source Controls: Team Foundation Sever, GitHub, Visual Source Safe PROJECTS AT WORK: 1)
LEDGER: Ledger is developed to manage the task of invoice clearance for different finance benefits trust accounts of Pratt & Whitney. It is
also used to track invoices charged back to the department budget or to the various business units. The primary objective of this project
was to migrate the existing application which was developed in MS-Access to a web based application by implementing security and adding
additional business rules. 2) DEBTS (Daily Equity Based Tax Solution): DEBTS is a tool which is used to calculate employee tax based on
certain parameters (medical, social security tax factor). It is developed for UTC USA and deals with all UTC employees' daily equity tax.
UBS will place a flat file each day in SFTP with all transactions performed by the employees of UTC. The typical flat file contains employee
id, country code, tax details etc. DEBTS tool will connect to SFTP and downloads flat file to perform the validation rules, at last tool will
decide the record status (there are 3 statuses as Valid, Exception and Pending). User can login to the system and can review the exception
records. And also user can rectify the exceptions to move the exception record to valid records and send the funding files to ADP. 3)
Supplier Portal Supplier Portal is designed in SharePoint 2010 to collaborate with their authorized suppliers. Supplier Portal is a merge of
seven legacy Pratt and Whitney existing applications into a single portal. The features that are available simplify the way their suppliers can
access required business & technical information, as well as how they can provide P&W with valuable delivery information. It is one of the
main communication portals and it plays a major role in doing business with Pratt & Whitney. Apart from SharePoint 2010, we used SQL
Server 2012 and ASP.Net to develop this application. 4) eRFA (electronic Request For Agreement): RFA is an agreement between two
parties (Company and Client) before they start the work. This process involved more than eight approvers to approve the agreement. The
existing process which involves manual submission has many problems such as knowing status of agreement, percentage of completion and
approval status etc. The new eRFA application is developed in SharePoint as an electronic application which has more flexible UI to
capture all required data and it eliminated most of the manual efforts in terms of searching for online results and internal applications to
validate the data entered by requester, more flexible approval process and status tracking. 5) Export Logging Tool Export Logging Tool is a
web based application to collect and log all export activities occurring at Pratt & Whitney Military Engines with a simple interface with an
ability to generate various reports required to report of export events. Apart from these features it also includes the facility of uploading bulk
data into the database which needs to be validated for the correctness of the data against business rules which determine the type of data
that can be uploaded into each column. AWARDS AND PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION:
Won Associate of the Month award at CYIENT.
Member of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such as DEBTS and eRFA.
Stood 3rd in SIASAT's national level talent search examination during high school.
Education
Indiana University
 
Masters
 
: 
Computer Science
 
Indiana University - Bloomington Masters in Computer Science, August 2014 - December 2015
(Current GPA: 3.55).
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
 
Bachelor of Technology
 
: 
Computer Science and Engineering
 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological
University, Andhra Pradesh, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, September 2007 - May 2011.
Certifications
RFAProfessional Affiliations
Source Controls: Team Foundation Sever, GitHub, Visual Source Safe of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such as
DEBTS and eRFA
Skills
Asp, Asp.net, Model View Controller, Model-view-controller, Ms Asp, Mvc, .net, Access, Adp, Application Software, Asp.net 4.0, Associate,
Award, Benefits, Bootstrap, Budget, C#, Coding, Css, Database, Databases, Deployment, Engineer, Engines, Exceptions, File, Finance, Html,
Integration, Integrator, Invoice, Invoices, Javascript, Jquery, Logging, Long-term Disability, Ltd, Microsoft Sharepoint, Ms Sql Server, Mysql,
Oracle, R2, Sap, Secure File Transfer Protocol, Security, Sftp, Sharepoint, Software Engineer, Sql, Sql Server, Sql Server 2005, Sql Server
2012, Ui, User Interface, Visual Studio, Web Based, Coldfusion, Prototype, Prototypes