HR GENERALIST
Summary
Young, dedicated and focused office administrative assistant who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following
through to achieve project goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority. SKILL HIGHLIGHTS Microsoft Office proficiency
Self-directed Excel spreadsheets Professional and mature Meticulous attention to detail Strong interpersonal skills Results-oriented Keen
understanding of grammar Strong problem solver Dedicated team player Executive presentation development Ability to maintain confidentiality
ACCOMPLISHMENTS Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-player attitude (Extra Mile
Award-2009, 2011) Increased office organization by developing more efficient filing system and customer database protocols.
Experience
HR Generalist
 
April 2013
 
to 
October 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as central point of contact for employee relations matters.
Processed onboarding and new hire paperwork to ensure all employees were in company system for employment and payroll purposes.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.
Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors.
Managed all employee personnel files.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.
Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and.
scanned documents.
Maintained up-to-date employee spreadsheet.
Office Administrative Assistant
 
June 2009
 
to 
August 2012
 
Company Name
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.
Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.
Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.
Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.
Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors and clients needing to gain access to the building.
Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.
Maintained an up-to-date office contact chart.
Answered client questions regarding retirement and military buy-back options and resolved any issues.
Developed employee handbooks.
Processed retirements and military deposits.
Mentored, coached and trained team members to increase productivity.
Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.
Waitress
 
August 2010
 
to 
December 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.
Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.
Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner.
Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.
Promptly served all food courses and alcoholic beverages to guests.
Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested.
Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests.
Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.
Managed closing duties, including restocking items and reconciliation of the cash drawer.
Skillfully anticipated and addressed guests' service needs.
Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.
Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service.
Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and beverages that exceeded guests' expectations.
Stocked and maintained silverware, linen and condiments.
Education
BACHELOR OF ARTS
PSYCHOLOGY
 
: 
12 2012
 
North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United StatesSkills
business development, central point of contact, closing, client, clients, email, employee relations, fashion, fast, faxes, meetings, access, mail, office,
PowerPoint presentations, neat, payroll, personnel, quality, receptionist, reception, sales, spreadsheets, spreadsheet, telephone, employee
handbooks