EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT HR
Summary
Skillful and dedicated Executive Assistant with extensive experience in the coordination, planning and support of daily operational and
administrative functions in a highly confidential environment. 
Focused, results-driven professional looking to obtain a career oriented administrative
position with Newark CEDC. Office Management Calendar Management Policies & Procedures Manuals Report & Document Preparation
Spreadsheet & Database Creation Bookkeeping & Payroll Records Management Meeting & Event Planning Facility Management
Highlights
Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, SAP, Lotus Notes, Oracle
Experience
Executive Assistant HR
 
01/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Providing administrative support to President of home-care service provider to the Developmentally Disable population.
Maintain calendar, process requisitions, and organize company meetings.
Administer pre-employment training and testing.
Mange bi-weekly payroll for 100 employees Maintain schedules and calendar management for President.
Maintain organization charts, staffing/workforce plans, HR audit files and other confidential materials.
Coordinate with Recruiting and Staffing to process new hires.
Handle all administrative support responsibilities related to HR.
Biller
 
12/1999
 
to 
05/2004
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Processed incoming and outgoing shipments.
Analyzed customer billing issues for corrective actions.
Provided assistance to dock personnel and suppliers on shortages and overages.
Assisted in special projects as needed.
Administrative Assistant
 
10/1997
 
to 
08/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for assisting the Director of Engineering, VP of Construction, HS&E Director and Human Resource Business Partner.
Maintain documentation control for construction projects, new hire and safety training, purchasing activities, ensuring payment of all site
utilities, and support accountant on account payable issues.
Specific accomplishments included: Engineering Organized travel for senior management domestic and international.
Organized travel, lodging and meal for international employees.
Prepared monthly reports for capital projects, process change, utility usage, and overtime expenditures.
Coordinated meeting, luncheons, corporate functions and internal training seminars.
Assisted in the implementation of electronic system.
Assisted and revise hazops, batch sheets, and SOP's.
Monitored and purchase office, facility, PPE and lab supplies.
Assisted engineering department staff (10) with expense reports, subscriptions and licenses.
Safety Training Prepared issue and maintain contractor approval applications and insurance certifications.
Maintained training logs for plant personnel and assist in the coordination of plant safety training.
Provided PPE for employees, contractors, subcontractors and visitors.
Assisted with safety walks, audits and incident investigations.
Lead initiatives on green projects utilizing Six Sigma Lean process.
Construction Liaison between city official and construction department on obtaining tax abatement utilizing the affirmation action program.
Liaison between VP of Construction and architecture firms, subcontractors and union officials.
Maintained travel, lodging, and transportation for VP of Construction and staff.
Developed and implement report systems for Project Engineer and Construction Management.
Assisted in managing capital project budget for 33M-research building.
Assisted in managing capital project budget for 30M flavors building.
Assisted Drafting department with copying, scanning and shipping of PID's and architectural designs.
Created, maintained, and submitted requisitions, contracts, addendum to contracts, and contractor approval forms.
Setup and maintain project field offices.
Assisted in organizing bid packages for onsite and offsite construction projects.
Maintained certified payroll documentation from all subcontractors.
Human Resources Provided assistants to HR Business Partner in new employee background checks and physicals.
Conducted new employee benefits orientation.
Prepared brochures for job fair and maintain biweekly payroll for engineering department.
Prepared agenda for managers to meet newly hired employees.
Senior Assistant Underwriter
 
03/1994
 
to 
07/1996
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Reviewed applications, letters, close outs, and cancellation policies.
Advised clients on policy documentation, correspondence, cancellations, deletions, and additions.
Prepared, review, rate, and issue renewals and new business policies.
Maintained and developed quality control procedures for finance contracts Developed and implemented automated monitoring systems.Education
Master of Business Administration
 
2011
 
Centenary College
 
City
 
, 
State
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Administration
 
2009
 
Business Administration
Skills
accountant, administrative support, benefits, billing, brochures, budget, bi, charts, contracts, copying, clients, documentation, Drafting, Engineer,
senior management, finance, forms, Human Resource, Human Resources, HR, insurance, letters, Lotus Notes, Director, managing, materials,
meetings, Access, Excel, office, PowerPoint, Word, Oracle, organizing, payroll, personnel, policies, purchasing, quality control, Recruiting,
research, Safety, SAP, scanning, seminars, shipping, Six Sigma, SOP, Staffing, tax, transportation, utilities