PROJECT ACCOUNTANT
Professional Summary
Obtain a position in a professional organization where I can apply my skills and loyalty in exchange for career guidance, training and opportunity
for advancement.
Core Qualifications
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access). 
FCR: Online Application for financial transactions.
Experience
July 2012
to
December 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
Project Accountant
The project funded by USACE- United State Army Corps of Engineers 
Performed weekly Cash Counts and monthly Bank account
reconciliations and reports back to the MTN / DC home office project accountant.
Entered all transactions into the WEBFCR and 
uploaded backup to the WEBFCR on a daily basis 
Prepared cash flow projects for
upcoming months (Cash forecast) and submitted the budget request every month.
Uploaded all vendor/ contractor invoices to IMS and Ensured all payments are made in a timely manner to vendors and employees.
Reviewed a limited variety of accounting documents and/or transactions to ensure proper supporting documentation has been submitted.
February 2011
to
June 2012
Company Name
 
City
 
Subcontract Accountant
The program funded by USAID- United State Agency for International Development 
Reviewed all supplier/subcontractor invoices, bill and
requests for payment transfer from LBG-B&V office to be reviewed and approved by Contract Manager, Task Order Manager and Chief
of Party.
Kept track of all sub-contracts documents, all payments confirmations sent from Head Quarter (DC office) and reviewed vouchers for wire
transfer from Headquarter DC.
Prepared all vouchers (disbursement, Cash, Bank and Advance journal vouchers) for expenditures and ensured that expenses are
reasonable, allowable and allocable to the project, and coded all payments by account type using the GL Accounts.
Preparation of weekly financial reports with Backups and send to HQ.
Responsible to disbursement of all B&V Cash Payments and Petty Cash, Cash Book, Bank book and other B&V financial Activities.
June 2010
to
November 2010
Company Name
 
City
 
Administrative & Finance Coordinator
The project funded by USAID- United State Agency for International Development 
Organized and preparing technical, administrative and
financial files.
Facilitated the lodging arrangements for any visitor, book flights for local and international staff traveling to the field and local transportation
for international visitors.
Maintained record keeping system of all office administrative and financial files.
Handled the sending, receiving and distributing of all correspondence between the Kabul and Washington DC; served as the main point of
contact for EDC/Washington.
Assisted in purchasing materials for training workshops and other activities.
Prepared payments for the procurement of materials, equipment, furniture and stationary for the project on timely basis.
Prepared monthly and regular reports of Expense Vouchers, Advance Vouchers, and Bank Vouchers.
September 2006
to
May 2010
Administrative Officer
CETENA GROUP – Kabul, Afghanistan 
Developed a filing system, established, and maintained a standard system to ensure Files
tracking of IED (Improvised Explosive Devices) Project.
Organized data and information, prepared and maintained records, documents and control plans for the monitoring of IED (Improvised
Explosive Devices) project.
Facilitated new/ extend visa for the International Staff, follow-up with the flight booking, confirmation and cancellation and ensured the work
permits and visa for international staffs were up-to-date.
Performed other Administration duties.
Education
1 2016
Virginia International University
 
Master’s in Business Administration (International Business) 
Expected spring1 2012
Kardan University
 
Bachelor
 
: 
Business Administration Finance
 
Business Administration Finance
1 2006
Capital Institute of Information Technology
 
Diploma
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Business Administration
1 2006
Khurasan High School
Skills
accounting, accountant, administrative, Army, Agency, backup, book, budget, Business Administration, cash flow, contracts, DC, documentation,
filing, financial, GL, home office, IMS, International Business, materials, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office, office, PowerPoint, Word, procurement,
purchasing, receiving, record keeping, transportation, type, workshops