PROJECT COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
To be part of a world class organization where I can utilize my experience and knowledge gained e*ciently and help the organization realize its
goals and objectives by focusing on optimum operational management and leadership activities.
Core Qualifications
Medicine and Dentistry 
Critical Thinking
Judgment and Decision Making 
Medical terminology
Time Management 
Active Learning
Quality Control Analysis 
Multitasking
HIPAA 
E-health records, MS-o*ce and other o*ce tools
Experience
Project Coordinator
 
June 2015
 
to 
December 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Roles and responsibilities: Maintained project assets, communications and related database(s).
Maintained scheduling and event calendars.
Performed payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and submitting payroll.
Review and report the project's budget and finances.
Collected information and made judgments through observation, interviews, and the review of documents.
Applied systematic sampling techniques to ensure the accuracy, completeness, precision, and representativeness of samples selected for
surveys.
Collaborated with economic development planners to decide on the implementation of proposed development policies, plans, and programs
based on culturally institutionalized barriers and facilitating circumstances.
Conducted participatory action research in communities and organizations to assess how work is done and to design work systems,
technologies, and environments.
Build and use text-based database management systems to support the analysis of detailed firsthand observational records or "field notes.".
Healthcare Administrator
 
January 2013
 
to 
December 2013
 
Company Name
Roles and responsibilities: Established work schedules and assignments for sta*, according to workload, space and equipment availability.
Conducted fiscal operations, including accounting, planning budgets, authorizing expenditures, establishing rates for services, and
coordinating financial reporting.
Maintained awareness of advances in medicine, computerized diagnostic and treatment equipment, data processing technology, government
regulations, health insurance changes, and financing options.
Monitored the use of diagnostic services, inpatient beds, facilities, and sta* to ensure e*ective use of resources and assess the need for
additional sta*, equipment, and services.
Introduced E-Health records to the organization Developed and maintained computerized record management systems to store and process
data such as personnel activities and information, and to produce reports.
Prepared activity reports to inform management of the status and implementation plans of programs, services, and quality initiatives.
Managed the changes in integrated health care delivery systems, such as work restructuring, technological innovations, and shifts in the focus
of care.
Developed and implemented medical programs or health services that promote research, rehabilitation, and community health.
Student Intern
 
October 2011
 
to 
November 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Roles and responsibilities: Examined teeth, gums, and related tissues, using dental instruments, x-rays, or other diagnostic equipment, to
evaluate dental health, diagnose diseases or abnormalities, and plan appropriate treatments.
Completed and maintained accurate records or reports regarding the patients' histories and progress, services provided, or other required
information.
Advised or instructed patients regarding preventive dental care, the causes and treatment of dental problems, or oral health care services.
Treated exposure of pulp by pulp capping, removal of pulp from pulp chamber, or root canal, using dental instruments.
Prescribed antibiotics or other medications.
Designed prosthodontic appliances, such as space maintainers, bridges, or dentures, or write fabrication instructions or prescriptions for
denturists or dental technicians.
Fill pulp chamber and canal with endodontic materials.
Evaluated dental needs to determine changes or trends in patterns of dental disease.
Applied fluoride or sealants to teeth.
Managed business, employing and supervising sta* and handling paperwork and insurance claims.
Plan, organize, or maintain dental health programs.
Participated in case conferences or sta* meetings.
Education
Master's
 
: 
Healthcare Administration
 
, 
Dec 2015
 
Oklahoma State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Healthcare Administration 3.79Bachelor of Dental Surgery (BDS)
 
: 
Nov 2012
 
SRM Dental College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
India
 
72
Skills
accounting, bridges, budgets, budget, oral, community health, conferences, Critical Thinking, data processing, database, database management,
Decision Making, delivery, Dentistry, financing, financial reporting, focus, government regulations, insurance, notes, materials, Medical terminology,
meetings, Multitasking, payroll, personnel, policies, progress, quality, Quality Control, rehabilitation, research, scheduling, supervising, surveys,
Time Management, x-rays