ACCOUNT SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE II/TECH
Summary
Professional Account Manager trained in building strategic network ties and increasing salesrevenues. Cultivates and maintains strong customer
relationships.
Accomplishments
Prospecting and cold callingExcellent communicatorStrong interpersonal skillsCustomer service-focusedTeam building expertiseTech-
savvySkilled in MS OfficeProject managementProven sales track recordPromotional campaignsPowerPoint
expertLeadership/communication skillsSkilled multi-taskerStrong organizational skillsStrong communicatorActive listening skillsExceptional
customer service skillsSelf-motivated.
Accomplishments.
Named "Employee of the Month" in 02/2014 at C Spire.Winner of the "C Spire Employee of the Quarter" Award, 1st Quarter
2014.Maintained 100% Survey Rating entire tenure at Foshee Residential.Top 5 in New Accounts at Foshee Residential (2012)1st Place
Southeast Regionals American Kickboxing Academy Tournament (3x) for ShogunMMA.
Experience
Account Service Representative II/Tech
 
January 2012
 
to 
May 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Project Design & Development LeadMay 2014.
Henderson-Thomas * Birmingham, Alabama.
Discover, design and build new user experiences to drive the next generation of portals,applications and Web properties, including mobile.
Design visually stunning, cutting-edgegraphics, animations and interactions for Web sites, portals and applications.
Produce visualassets needed by development team.
Contribute to building the Company brand on portals,applications, mobile apps and Web sites by executing user interface design
consistently on alldeliverables.
Refine low to high-fidelity wireframes into designs for the informationarchitecture, navigational models, process flows, page layout,
information displays andinteractional components based on user research and in partnership with user experienceinteraction designers.
Research and communicate trends and best-practices related to visualdesign and branding Every team member of the C Spire Crew is
charged with bringing a strategic vision ofpersonalized wireless to life.
Responsible for achieving sales goals and customer satisfactionstandards at designated retail locations.
ASRs must demonstrate a strong aptitude andknowledge of all things technology personalized to each customer's needs, and project
anenergetic and upbeat professional image.
This position is also responsible for integratingtechnology into the consumer's life with amazing ease and effectiveness.
ASR II is alsocharged with extra supervisory duties such as key holding and employee management andinventory auditing.
Developing and maintaining in-store promotions, and coordinating withappropriate personnel Implementing and managing wireless sales
events Provide positive.
reinforcement and adult learning techniques to promote learning and skill improvement.Participated in "Fiber to The Home" installation's
receiving basic knowledge of Telephone,Cable and Internet home installation.
Successfully increased positivity and smiling in theworkplace.
Promoted group activities and continuously met my quota and passed customerexperience surveys and mystery shops.
Gained promotion to level II (key holder/assistantmanager) position based on experience and performance.
January 2010
 
to 
December 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsibilities Supervise and assists staff to ensure they are well informed on their positionresponsibilities and are performing at or above
expectations.
Managers with leasing staff areresponsible for agents overall performance including leasing numbers and entering trafficTrain new staff as
well as provide on-going training and feedback on performance Ensuresthat building and office are properly staffed at all times Approves
time off request for staffEnsures staff provides necessary customer relations for superior customer satisfactionRoutinely inspect properties to
ensure they are safe and to determine if repairs ormaintenance are needed Monitors property vendors to ensure quality service Process
workorders and monitors direction of property maintenance operations to ensure compliance withcompany standards Respond to tenant
requests and issues in a timely manner Maintaincustomer service standards and resident relations Complete leasing/administrativepaperwork
Accountable for market surveys Keeps lease occupancies and rents at highestdesired level Review delinquencies and assist in collections
May oversee the preparation ofbudgets, financial statements and periodic reports on the status of various properties, leaseexpirations and
related matters Ensure marketready condition of vacant units and managesturn-over Coordinate lease terminations, preliminary inspections,
and apartment turn-overProvides tours of apartments and community to potential residents for purpose of leasingapartments Coordinate
outreach marketing and advertising Conduct the leasing process withprospects in absence of leasing consultant Completes all other projects
or requests as directedby Supervison.
Martial Arts Instructor/CLient
 
January 2008
 
to 
May 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
State
Instruct students in varied martial arts techniques Prepare and distribute detailed monthly,quarterly and yearly reports to clients.
Provide required information and documents toclients.
Prepare reports of client meetings to record the details for future reference.Submitclient meeting reports to manager or supervisor.
Provide support and assistance tomanagement teams.
Audit all client liaison active accounts.
Revise submission and accountsclosure applications.
Develop liaison with client service and collection department to providerequired information and acquire necessary documents.
Revise and distribute contractualreferrals.
Provide feedback to management on areas of improvements.
Recommendimplementation of enhanced processes.
Plan and schedule monthly meetings with clients.Monitor client satisfaction through follow up on solving client issues and problems.
Initiatemeasures to research and resolve client raised issues.
Collaborate with clients to identify andimplement value added services.Grew customer base from 13 accounts to 34 accounts in 2years.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business (Entrepreneurship)
 
, 
2014
 
Auburn University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.87
 
Business
(Entrepreneurship) Coursework in Business Administration and ManagementCoursework in Marketing and CommunicationsCoursework in Public
Relations GPA: 3.87
High School Diploma
 
: 
Math & Science
 
, 
2009
 
Alabama School of Math & Science * Auburn
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
Student government
representativeHiQ MemberHonor Student2009 Dean's List
 
Math & Science Student government representativeHiQ MemberHonor Student2009
Dean's List
Skills
advertising, arts, auditing, basic, branding, Business Administration, C, Cable, consultant, client, clients, customer relations, client liaison, direction,
financial statements, image, employee management, managing, marketing, market, meetings, office, Monitors, next, page layout, personnel,
processes, Project Design & Development, promotion, Public Relations, quality, receiving, repairs, Research, retail, sales, strategic, supervisor,
supervisory, Telephone, user interface design, vision, Web sites