STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Summary
EXPERIENCED ACCOUNTANT with more than 15 years of accounting and financial analysis experience. 
Expertise in budgeting and economic
analysis, financial reporting, and resource analysis/optimization. Solid record of performance managing analytical studies, key initiatives, and high-
profile performance improvement projects. Technical expert and analyst on complex program issues. Solid critical thinking, problem-solving,
research and liaison skills. Recognized for outstanding communication skills, flexibility, keen political savvy, sense of humor, and leadership abilities.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE: 
Accounting; financial analysis; program evaluation and management; strategic and operations planning and streamlining;
operations management; workforce analysis and manpower planning; operational, financial, and compliance auditing; profit/revenue analysis;
internal control reviews; process improvement and simplification; team and project leadership; quantitative/qualitative analysis; risk and feasibility
assessment and management; database management; statistical analysis; technical, regulatory and best practices research;
Skills
Lawson, Invision, QuickBooks, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lotus Notes, and Meditech
Experience
01/2001
 
to 
02/2011
STAFF ACCOUNTANT
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
40 hours/week, 
ANALYZED FINANCIAL REPORTS AND PROGRAMS TO RESOLVE PROBLEMS.
Formatted and prepare internal financial reports for various entities.
Monitored and researched significant revenue and budget variances, including actual costs versus budgeted costs, recommending alternative
courses of action.
Resolved complex issues involving multiple aspects of financial management.
Reviewed policies and principles to plan and develop financial controls and made changes and additions to cost allocation codes.
ANALYZED AND RECONCILED A VARIETY OF ACCOUNTS AND TRANSACTIONS: 
Monitored, reconciled, researched,
analyzed and quickly responded to inquiries on balance sheet accounts.
Updated monthly schedules for fixed assets and presented findings to senior management.
Reconciled payroll tax withholdings and processing.
Prepared monthly journal entries to record fixed asset activity and maintained construction in progress accounts.
Assisted in researching and resolving variances on reports.
Provided financial statements and prepared reports of statements.
ADVISED SENIOR MANAGEMENT on financial-related issues based on technical expertise.
Identified challenges and determine appropriate corrective action.
RECOMMENDED PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS by continually researching, analyzing and monitoring internal controls, financial
systems, and accounting practices.
Recommended new processes to improve the efficiency and accuracy of fund execution, monitoring, control, and account maintenance.
ATTENTION TO DETAIL: 
PREPARED, RECONCILED AND SUBMITTED TRANSACTIONS: 
Tracked, updated, reconciled, and
managed Lawson fixed asset accounting system.
Reconciled physical inventories to Lawson fixed asset system.
Performed monthly reconciliation of fixed assets to the general ledger.
Various monthly account reconciliations.
Completed regular audits of financial controls.
Ensured information recorded and submitted was current and accurate.
Prepared audit schedule for independent external auditors including support documentation.
PREPARED CLEAR, CONCISE PRESENTATIONS AND REPORTS based on financial analyses and audits.
Effectively expressed complex, highly technical information into understandable concepts and ideas for management.
Generated monthly reports departmental financial reports.
Developed talking points, summaries, briefings, reports, data analyses, budget projections, and correspondence.
Drafted and edited documents and reviewed content for accuracy.
DEVELOPED AND MAINTAINED COLLABORATIVE RELATIONSHIPS with internal and external customers and negotiated
solutions to meet organizational goals and objectives.
Partnered with team members to establish streamlined financial and business strategies.
Served as point of contact for central business office in White Marsh, Maryland to resolving issues and providing guidance relative to
financial problems.
Worked with departments to ensure their expenses are accurately recorded through accruals and purchase order analysis.
KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS: + Implemented a computerized capital budget review system in Lotus Notes email system.
Worked closely with Washington Hospital Center's management and financial accounting systems department.
As a result, the computerized version was more efficient and effective for Washington Hospital Center's capital budget review and
eliminated lost and misplaced paperwork.
Worked on a continuous Xerox copier project on a monthly basis for two years which successfully identified over 200 cost centers at
Washington Hospital Center.
The project identified zero usage copiers.
Prepared an Excel spreadsheet and tracking system for cost centers with meter usage, previous monthly billing, the name of cost center
name, number, and contact personnel, Xerox copier model and serial numbers which were all provided to WHC's and Xerox management.
This project and resulting information prevented Xerox Corporation from double billing Washington Hospital Center for non-operational
machines and prepared journal entries to reflect changes.
Worked closely with various departments such as design and construction, Biomed, and finance to close out work in progress accounts.Researched, reconciled and analyzed 250 construction in progress project accounts utilizing Lawson fixed asset management system and
Excel spreadsheets.
Reviewed support documentation, contracts, and the hospital's standard operating procedures.
Tracked obligations and expenditures on a monthly basis from generated Lawson reports.
Presented findings to Washington Hospital Center's management which decided which construction in progress accounts to close out.
01/2000
 
to 
01/2001
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE REPRESENTATIVE
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
40 hours/week MANAGED FINANCIAL FUNCTIONS AND COORDINATED DAILY ACCOUNTING FUNCTIONS of a high
profile regional medical facility.
Formulated and implemented processes for reviewing recurring payments and processing invoices, vouchers, reimbursements and check
requests.
Performed necessary administrative support for payment documentation.
LED EXTENSIVE BUSINESS STUDIES to identify and resolve payment challenges and conflicts among business partners.
Conducted analyses and evaluated the effectiveness of programs and operations to determine options for problem resolution within the
company while considering the impact on cost controls.
Partnered with procurement department to resolve all pricing and quantity issues.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Provided assistance and advice to internal and external customers professionally and courteously, adhering to established timelines for a
response.
Identified appropriate referrals and alternatives when required.
Valued by management and colleagues for exceptional customer service practices.
EFFECTIVE ORAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATION: Communicated efficiently with diverse stakeholders and customers at all
levels.
Independently prepared, designed and edited reports, letters, memos, spreadsheets, forms, correspondence, summary statements, briefs,
flowcharts and other documents.
Ensured all communications adhered to organizational standards for construction, format, and completeness, including rules of spelling,
punctuation, language use, and understandable language guidelines.
Education and Training
06/2012
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
 
: 
Accounting
 
Strayer University
 
ï¼​ 
State
 
Accounting
1986
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE
 
Southern University at New Orleans
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
account reconciliations, ACCOUNTING, accounting system, accruals, administrative support, asset management, ATTENTION TO DETAIL,
balance sheet, billing, budget, business strategies, ORAL, CONCISE, content, contracts, customer service, design and construction,
documentation, email, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, finance, FINANCIAL, financial accounting, financial analyses, financial controls, financial
management, financial reports, financial statements, fixed assets, forms, general ledger, Lawson, letters, Lotus Notes, Meditech, Excel
spreadsheets, Excel, office, PowerPoint, MS Word, organizational, payroll, personnel, copiers, policies, PRESENTATIONS, pricing, problem
resolution, processes, procurement, progress, QuickBooks, researching, spreadsheets, spreadsheet, tax, WRITTEN COMMUNICATION,
Xerox copier