FINANCE CONTROLLER
Summary
Established goals and objectives, developed policies and procedures, recruited and trained staff, 
initiated and enhanced automated systems.
Turned around "problem areas". Ensures compliance with and knowledge of 
governmental regulations and requirements. Defined and closely
monitored short-and long-term goals and objectives for all departments. 
Excels at interacting with broad populations including senior management,
staff, patients, and external auditors. Highly versatile, quickly masters' new roles, responsibilities, technologies, and environments. Initiate and
spearheaded 
a 
special 
project resulting in measurable revenue growth; diffuses 
difficult 
situations 
with tact 
and 
ease.
Skills
Leadership/communication skills
Product development
Budgeting expertise
Self-motivatedÂ 
Project management
Small business development
Client account management
Customer-oriented
Skills
Account reconciliation, accounting, administrative, budget preparation, budget, closing, commercial lending, contract negotiations, contracts,
Credit, client, delivery, Department of Health, direction, financing, financial, financial controls, financial operation, financial statements, forecasting,
funds, general ledger, grants, Human Resources, HR, Director, managing, Mental Health, Office, outlook, organizational, payroll, P.C., personnel,
quality, quality assurance, quality control, reporting, research, supervisor, tax planning, annual reports, year-end.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
1996
 
New york institute of technology
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
MBA
 
: 
Finance
 
1998
 
New york institute of technology
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Experience
Finance Controller
 
08/2010
 
to 
09/2017
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Â Â  Managed team 100 professionals.
ï¿½ Oversees accounting and financial activitiesÂ 
ï¿½ Managed all general ledger activity, reporting systems, GAAP standardsï¿½
Â  M
 
onitored timely and accurate monthly, quarterly and year-end closing process
ï¿½ Prepared company forecasts and budget
ï¿½Â Coordinated, monitored, and supported taxation requirements in compliance with and knowledge of governmental regulations and
requirements
ï¿½Â Managed and tracked the revenue of invested assets to ensure compliance with company policies and investment guidelines.
 
Administrator
 
10/2008
 
to 
09/2017
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Manage the 32-person Corporate Practice Group which specializes in the taxation and tax planning for corporations and sole proprietor-
ships.
Wrote comprehensive practice manual for payroll taxation practice.
Analyzes financial statements of major corporations, large domestic and investment companies and broker/dealers to evaluate credit quality
for commercial lending decisions.
Prepare Credit Approval Summaries on client's financial position in light of current economic conditions and future business outlook.
Direct and implementation of financial operation, budget preparation and administration, audit, taxation, 
monthly closing of books of record,
account reconciliation, and journal entry adjustments.
Prepares monthly, quarterly, and annual reports summarizing and forecasting business activities and financial position on income and
expenses.
Develops 
financial statements, analyzes business trends and daily operating costs.
Manager of Finance
 
02/1997
 
to 
12/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Improved collections through the development of receivables performance measurement system to which project supervisor are held
accountable.
Upgraded the accounting department including personnel, job descriptions and financial controls to meet the requirements of a growing
organization.
Assisted external auditors in performing year-end audits.
Monitored, reviewed and evaluated budget projections, grants / budget vs. actual day-to-day expenses, and provided advice on budgetary
opportunities to address anticipated / projected shortfalls on an ongoing basis.
Provided quality assurance audits to maintain process quality control plans.
Assisted management in the development of long-term strategies and organizational implementation plans.
Acted as lead on monthly budget 
projections and related research activities.
Researched, developed, and implemented budgetary strategies designed to effectively and efficiently accomplish the hospital's mission.
Worked as hospital 
/ department liaison between the National Institute of Health (NIH), New York State Office of 
Mental Health
(NYSOMH), New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYCDMH), 
and private funded research contracts, training
grants (NIH) T32 research related specific purpose funds.
Controller
 
02/1990
 
to 
12/1996
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Established line of credit used in financing working capital requirements.Implemented departmental budget vs.Â 
actual reporting system.
Consolidated branch accounting operations resulting in staff reduction.
Improved P.C.-based general ledger and Account Payable software to improve reporting.
Submitted monthly financial statements to Board of Director (BOD).
Supervised four (4) direct and fifteen (15) indirect reports.
Served as point of contact while managing key relationship with New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYCDMH),
banks, hospitals, universities, and other establishments to support service contract delivery and administration.
Assumed additional responsibilities as needed, including oversight of Human Resources (HR), front desk, administrative staff, and IT
functions.
Presided over facility expansion and acquisition projects with direction of financial and budget forecasting and analysis, cost approval,
contract negotiations, and associated functions.