GENERAL ACCOUNTANT
Summary
16+ Years Experienced professional in Accounting and Finance seeking an opportunity: Special interest including an Accountant, Assistant
Controller position.
Experienced dynamic individual in Accounts & Finance, Budgeting &fund planning, Auditing, Taxation, Accurate, efficient & methodical in
handling assigned tasks, Proficient in recommending procedures to achieve financial discipline and enhance the overall efficiency of the
organization, excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in team and customer relationship management.
Bookkeeper with key strengths in planning, problem solving and customer relations. Familiar with financial reconciliations, general ledgers and
financial reporting. 
Highlights
Monthly Bank Reconciliations.
Month end closing process & Journal entries
Account Payable (A/P)
Account Receivable (A/R)
General Ledger Reconciliations (Debtors / Creditors / Income & Expenditure)
Inter-Company Reconciliations
Fixed Assets Accounting
Stock Valuation
MIS, Financials (Profit & Loss / Balance Sheet)
Taxation
Cash Flow forecasting & Fund Management
Budgeting , Controlling & Ratio Analysis
Payroll Management
Statutory Returns & Filling
Internal & Statutory Audits Ms-Office (Word/Excel/Power Point), Internet, Outlook, Access.
Accounting Software : SAP, Quick Books
Periodic financial reporting expert
General ledger accounting skills
Managerial aptitude
Knowledge of income tax procedures
Fiscal budgeting knowledge
Complex problem solving
Strong communication skills
SAP
Knowledge of ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software
Ethical approach to finance
Strong communication skills
Accomplishments
Submitted first successful VAT Refund Claim with INR 32.50 Million in the State Government.
Also submitted a successful Central Sales Tax Reimbursement Claim and Furnace Oil Duty drawback claim @ 4% on total purchase of
company's turnover from the Kandla Free Trade Zone on every quarter during my carrier from 1997 to 2008.
Zero Statutory defaults during the carrier of my service.
Maintaining healthy relation with government organisations (Sales Tax, Excise & Labour Office).
Experience
General Accountant
 
January 2011
 
to 
April 2016
 
Company Name
Issued 
200
 
paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis. 
Monthly Bank Reconciliations Monthly Ledger Reconciliations
Prepare month-end and year-end closing journal entries Inter-company reconciliations of over 10 differen.Â 
 Maintained accounts
receivable documentation electronically and on paper. 
Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due
diligence. 
Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation. 
Increased efficiency and alleviated work
loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system. 
Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments. 
Processed
journal entries, online transfers and payments. 
Executed quarterly financial reporting on multiple properties. 
Analyzed cost control and
provided timely financial information to support corporate goals. 
Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and
efficiency. 
Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts from 
April
 
to 
[March]
 . 
Updated confidential employee banking information with
accuracy and speed. 
t entities The conversion of proprietary ERP system to Great Plains Compile monthly IFRS , GAAP and non-GAAP
financial statements Preparing financial statements Perform ad-hoc variance analysis as requested by the Finance Director Perform AR/AP,
collections, and inventory valuation Prepare & forecasting Budget, Cash Flow.
Controlling on month to month against forecasted figures & providing ratio analysis in financials.
Prepare monthly returns & filled online.
Co-ordinate with Auditors for finalization of financials.
Managing internal & statutory auditors.And 
co-ordinate with Banks for financial matters Responsible for payroll management.
Accountant
 
May 2008
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.
Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation.
Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management. 
Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts from 
[year]
 
to
[year]
 . 
Month end activities, including accrual and reversal entries, analysis, and amortization of prepaid accounts Prepare journal entries
for accruals and other adjusting entries Responsible for supply inventory physical count and valuation Ad Hoc reports as per requirement of
management Responsible for all bank reconciliations and general ledgers accounts.
Accountant
 
April 1997
 
to 
May 2008
 
Company Name
Assist with annual financial audit Reconcile monthly inter-company balances Prepare and file monthly sales and use tax returns for 10 states
Entered invoices into and prepared reports in Oracle Payables Post journal entry, reconcile and maintain asset and liability accounts for
month-end closing.
Issued 
[number]
 
paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis. 
Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts from 
[year]
 
to 
[year]
 .
Education
Bachelor
 
: 
Accounting
 
, 
1996
 
M S University
Skills
Accounting, Accounting Software, accruals, accrual, Ad, AP, A/P, AR, Balance Sheet, bank reconciliations, Monthly Bank Reconciliations,
Budgeting, Budget, Cash Flow, closing, conversion, ERP, Filling, Finance, Financials, financial, financial audit, financial statements, Preparing
financial statements, Fixed Assets, forecasting, General Ledger, Great Plains, inventory, Ledger, Director, Managing, Access, Excel, Office, Ms-
Office, Outlook, Power Point, Word, MIS, month-end closing, Month end closing, Oracle, Payables, Payroll, Profit, Quick Books, requirement,
sales, SAP, supply inventory, tax returns, Valuation, variance analysis, year-end