STAFF ACCOUNTANT
Professional Summary
I am currently a graduate student in Masters of Science in Finance Management and IT and a CPA candidate with expected completion by the
end of 2017. I am an Accounting and Finance professional with 4+ years extensive experience in full financial statement reporting, month end
closures, Review of G'\L, Balance Sheet and Statement of Revenue and Expenses, and Financial Risk assessment as well as budget analysis and
various reconciliations.
Core Qualifications
Working Capital ManagementÂ 
Financial Modeling 
End of the Month Closing
Budget Analysis Â  Â  Bookkeeping
Grant Accounting/ Grant Reporting and budget modeling
Account Payables/Receivables aging reporting Analysis
Excel, Outlook
Knowledgeable in Microsoft Dynamics
Proficient in FundEz
Proficient in QuickBooks
Quick learner
Results-oriented
Financial records and processing
Experience
02/2015
 
to 
06/2016
Staff Accountant
 
Company Name
Full charge bookkeeper Report and provide assistance directly to the CFO/Controller on all finance and accounting matter such as: Board
Financial Meeting preparation Financial Statement reporting G/L reconciliation, Monthly Balance Sheet Reconciliation Statement or Position
and Cash Flows analysis Revenue Audition according to grants agreements Operation Budget and Expenses Analysis Maintaining all
aspects of Accounting such as AR, AP, Revenue and Deferred Revenue recognition, adjusting entries, depreciation schedule, grants' budget
monitoring.
Conducted analysis to address discrepancies in 2014 Balance Sheet and General LedgerÂ which led to 
a complete overhaul of various cash
account reconciliation processes and internal controls
 .
Coordination of the provision of information to State and Private auditors.
Monthly calculation of all grants variances, estimate at complete and budget forecasts and actualization.
Recommendation of salaries and fringes' allocation benchmark.
Monitored multiple grants' agreements to keep track of actual revenue, deferred revenue and restricted/unrestricted assets.
Audit schedules preparation and financial information forwarding to auditors Work with auditors for all year end adjusting entries
Assisted controller to develop audit schedule with private or State auditors and insure compliance with OMB Circ.Â 
 A133.
Reviewed Grants' award letters, budget narratives and related invoicing conditions for compliance with organization's F&A. Slaries and
Fringe allocation benchmarks.
Modeled grants' budget spread sheets with actuals and calculated variances Grant's monthly budget monitoring financial analysis and
reporting to programs managers and CFO.
Calculated FTE and fringe benefit allocation's benchmark according to internally developed allocation benchmarks within the guidelines of
OMB Circ 21 and ensured accurate update of wages allocation in ADP Â 
Managed and reviewed State and Foundations grants' monthly expenditures according to signed agreements and OMB Circ 21 guidelines.
Produced monthly update on grants' account receivable aging reports at grants' ending period and reconciled the deferred revenue to the
unrestricted.
Prepared and submitted all State (DHMH) request of payments (Form 437) and quarterly reports (Form 438) and performance measure
(Form 440A) in compliance with grants requirements.
Reconciled all grants monthly invoices to grant budget lines to effect funds drawdowns and ensure effective budget monitoring.
Conducted monthly budget, financial and fiscal review and reported updates to program managers.
Reconcile various payments drawdowns from State (DHMH, DLLR) to billings and grants budget line and recognize revenue accordingly.
Full Circle Accounting Support Reconciled various bank account balances to the G/L.
Recorded all cash receipts and remotely deposited check and prepared transmittals Analyzed and reconciled G/L accounts details and
corrected discrepancies Prepared month-end and year-end journal entries.
1099 preparation and filing Maintained fixed assets ledger and recorded periodic depreciation.
Generated various financial reports Balance Sheet account reconciliation with the GL Assisted controller in the development of ABC's
Operating budget and review Grants' budgets proposal before submission.
Reviewed account payables monthly transactions for compliance with GAAP and posted month end adjusting entries and accruals
Supervised all journalized cash receipts and cash disbursements for proper coding.
Corrected discrepancies between Statement of Revenues and original budgets Created all Account Receivables and monitored aging report
accordingly.
Monitored all operating cash accounts and performed remote checks deposit Maintained the Chart Account and all related cost centers'
codification.
Successfully led key project towhich resulted in 
[positive outcome]
 .10/2013
 
to 
02/2015
Finance Consultant/Budget Analyst
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Provided financial and accounting services to a portfolio of private and public clients.
Supported clients' finance department with the following: Budget analysis Cash flow management Bookkeeping End of the month and end of
the year closing with W2s and 1099 filings G/L accounts reconciliation End of the year financial Statement reporting Streamline financial
processes and Internal control implementation Analysis of variances analysis and development of new plan of action Development of
financial models and financial analytical tools Maintained Chart Accounts.
06/2012
 
to 
08/2013
Senior Accountant
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Evaluated clients' financials and accounting processes to determine plan of action Analyzed Income and evaluated working capital.
Performed audit of various accounts and tracked all capital spending against approved payment requests.
Offset unapproved and unusual expenses variances in their respective areas.
Analyzed clients' operation budget against operation income and adjusted forecasts accordingly.
Assisted CFOs with the production of monthly financial statement reports.
Financial Statement Analysis.
Reconciled financial statements with the G/L, corrected discrepancies in revenue recognition, asset ledger, periodic depreciation and
prepaid expenses.
Performed expenses and revenue analysis.
04/2011
 
to 
01/2012
Financial Coordinator, Accountant I
 
Company Name
Performed grant accountant duties for a portfolio of grants funded program at Center of Advanced Study of Languages (CASL) and at
Institute of Biotechnology and Bioscience Research (IBBR).
Defined grants projects deliverables with contractors and monitored deadlines accordingly.
Performed monthly budget actualization and developed monthly financial reports.
Analyzed, investigated variances and assisted project managers to build plan of actions Reconciled all journal entries with the G/L,
investigated and corrected discrepancies Maintained and review petty cash funds.
Reviewed all credit card expenses and grants expenses/payment request for compliance with federal OMB Circ.
A21 and OMB Circ.
122 Conducted monthly meetings with projects managers for grants expenses analysis.
Education
Summer 2017
Master of Science
 
: 
Finance Management and IT Progress
 
University of Maryland University College
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Finance Management and IT
Progress
2011
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Accounting
 
University of Maryland
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.33
 
Accounting GPA: 3.33
Certified Public Accountant: Candidate Expected Graduation: Winter 2017 Certified: OMB Circ. A 133, 122, 21 and 110
Accomplishments
Customized various financial reports to respond to Board Members' needs.
Streamlined Financial and Accounting processes to increase Internal control's efficiency.
Investigated and corrected discrepancies in the G/L, in the financial statements with 100% accuracy.
Insured 100% compliance with Internal Controls, GAAP and OMB Circ.
A21, 22, 110, 133.
Skills
account reconciliation, Accounting, accountant, accrual, ABC, Streamline, ADP and Payroll, Ad, AP, AR, Balance Sheet, billings, Biotechnology,
Bookkeeping, bookkeeper, Budget Analysis, budgets, Budget, cash receipts, Cash flow, Closing, Controller, Certified Public Accountant, credit,
clients, filing, finance, financials, Financial, financial and accounting, Financial Modeling, Development of financial models, financial reports, financial
analysis and reporting, Financial Reporting, financial statements, Financial Statement Analysis, fixed assets, funds, GL, Grants, invoicing, ledger,
letters, meetings, Microsoft Dynamics, Excel, Outlook, modeling, processes, coding, proposal, QuickBooks, reporting, Research, Revenue
recognition, spread sheets, year-end