VOLUNTEER ADVOCATE
Summary
Talented Bachelor of Arts Graduate seeking to obtain an entry level Professional position within your company. Excellent Customer service and
management skills are just some of the skills I have accomplished in the course of my experiences. Dedicated Bachelor of Arts graduate with a
double major in Psychology and Sociology also 
with a Minor in HealthCare Administration, and a passion to serve the community in a more
excellence way. Comprehensive professional background in education, administrative support and team leadership. Strengths: Proficient at written,
strong social perceptiveness through working with a variety of people. Exceptional clerical and administrative assistance skills. Research: Authored
many research papers which required extensive research into statistics behavior within the social sciences. Thirty years of Clerical Administrative
office work along with exceptional people and communication skills. Energetic Administrative Assistance Support with 10 years experience in
high-level executive support roles. Organized and professional.
Dedicated and focused individual who excels at prioritizing, completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project
goals. Seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority.
Highlights
Conducted numerous researches on Psychological and Social behavior and demonstrated the understanding of Psychological
behavior in adults and adolescents, with an understanding of ethics and Social Responsibility, and demonstrated the
understanding of the relationship between HealthCare Ethics and Medical Law. Also proficient at written, strong social
perceptiveness through working with a variety of group projects, excellent oral and communication skills and exceptional
organizational and leadership skills.
Qualified Data Entry, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel spreadsheets
Meticulous attention to detail
Results-oriented
Self-directed
Time management
Professional and mature
Strong problem solver
Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge
Resourceful
Dedicated team player
Strong interpersonal skills
Understands grammar
Proofreading
Report writing
Report development
Self-starter
skills.Microsoft Office proficiency
Microsoft
Office
proficiency
Meticulous
attention to detail
Results-oriented
Self-directed
Time
management
Professional and
mature
Strong problem
solver
Advanced MS
Office Suite
knowledge
Resourceful
Dedicated team
player
Strong
interpersonal
skills
Understands
grammar
Proofreading
Report writing
Report
development
Self-starter
Accomplishments
Physiological Psychology, Abnormal Psychology, Sociology, Social Psychology, Contemporary Social Problems and the Workplace,
Social Research Methods, Statistics for the Behavioral and Social Sciences, Psychology, Cross-Cultural Perspectives, Industrial
Organizational Psychology, Public administration, Court administration and court report, 
Leadership and ethical decision making, 
Child and
Adolescent Development, Managing in Health and Human Services,Cummunity and Public Health, HealthCare Planning and Evaluation,
HealthCare ethics and Medical Law, Special Populations, Theories of Personality.Professional Counseling, Competence in Counseling, Multi-Cultural Counseling, Ethics and ethic Codes in Counseling: Managing
multidisciplinary Professionals.
Experience
Volunteer Advocate
 
04/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Guardian Ad' Litem Program Make an investigation to determine the facts, the needs of the child/individual.
Find available resources within the family and community to meet those needs.
To facilitate, when appropriate, the settlement of disputed issues.
To offer evidence and examine witnesses at adjudication.
To explore options with the court at dispositional hearing.
To protect and promote the best interests of the child/individual until officially.
relieved of the responsibility by the court.
Sales Clerk for Franklin Baking Co.
 
10/2006
 
to 
12/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed entire function of the store.
Counting all inventory and stock.
Customer Service, ordering products.
Take care of general maintenance of the store.
Loan Review Support Specialist
 
07/2002
 
to 
08/2004
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for completing issues-set up tax lines and escrow.
Registered new loan numbers in LINK system.
Assisted Audit department with legal documentation.
Education
Bachelors of Arts Degree
 
: 
Psychology/Social Science HealthCare Administration
 
2012
 
ASHFORD University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Psychology/Social Science with a Minor in HealthCare Administration
Select One
 
: 
Counseling
 
Liberty University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Started Masters Program for Counseling, Concentration in Human Services 
Currently attending . Completion date is May 2016.
Skills
Excellent communication skills, Investigative skill, Customer Service skills, Data Entry, documentation, inventory clerk, leadership skills,
PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, organizational, Exceptional writing skills, and Research skills.