SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Qualifications
C# 3.0, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML 4, CSS 2 
Framework: .NET 3.5 
Database: SQL Server 2008, Oracle 9i 
Operating systems: Windows
98/XP, Windows server 2000/2005, UNIX 
Tools/Services: TOAD, HP Service Manager, WinSCP, PuTTY, PM Smart, vi text editor, Visual
SourceSafe and BusinessObjects XI 3.1 Universe Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Central 
Management Console 
Domain: Banking
Work Experience
Software Engineer
 
July 2010
 
to 
March 2014
 
Company Name
3 years and 9 months 
of experience in the development, support and enhancement of web and 
windows applications and in the
implementation of cost effective valueadds 
Designed and developed webbased tools in 
ASP .NET 3.5, 
using the programming and 
C#
PL/SQL 
procedural languages namely 
and 
Enhanced EBusiness applications and managed technological issues by analyzing codes and
providing customizable solutions using SQL and 
Business Objects XI 3.1 tools 
Awarded for outstanding performance and ontime delivery
of projects and as a result helped 
the team achieve 100% customer satisfaction ( 
CSAT score 7/7 
) 
Theoretical knowledge on the basics of
Windows Presentation Foundation/Extensible 
Application Markup Language of .NET Framework 3.5 and AngularJS 
Basic understanding
of the strategies involved in moving applications to Cloud, in Microsoft's 
Windows Azure.
Manager
 
January 2013
 
to 
March 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
1.
Statement of Work (SOW) Tracker 
: Webbased tool developed for use by LBG and partners 
of LBG (e.g HCL) 
a.
The tool lets the user create, modify, generate Statement of Work (SOW), online.
b.
Project details like team size, team structure and work description are also captured 
separately for use by managers.
c.
Report generation functionality is enabled for privileged users accessing the tool.
2.
Service Level Agreement (SLA) Tracker 
: Online tool for use by IT vendors and LBG for 
tracking Service Level Agreement (SLA) of all
projects and generating customized reports.
a.
Data captured using this tool can be used by service providers and service users to 
measure performance of projects.
b.
Data are captured for all Service lines Development, Testing and Support 
c.
Functionalities have been added to the system to integrate it to HP Service Developed the web based tools using C#, PL/SQL, HTML,
AJAX Extensions and CSS in 
Microsoft Visual Studio IDE and SQL Server 
Source control maintenance done using source control
package called Visual SourceSafe 
Hosted application in IIS 7.0 of a dedicated machine 
Technology/Languages used: ASP.NET 3.5, C#,
PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS 
Tools used: SQL Server 2008, Visual studio IDE, Visual SourceSafe.
July 2010
 
to 
December 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Web application in the EBusiness platform used to diarize appointment details 
between LBG IT personnel and customers 
2.
Business Eye 
: Online EBusiness application used in collecting, consolidating and reporting 
LBG sales data.
3.
TRACX 
: Online EBusiness application used by LBG employees for recording training and 
competency information undertaken by their
colleagues 
Responsibilities 
Involved in technical support which included resolving application issues, using the helpdesk 
software 
Fixed
minor backend code issues using SQL, in the form of Change Records 
Assisted in data analysis, extraction and archival in Oracle database
according to customers' 
needs 
Monitored Application Servers hosted in Central Management Console of Business Objects 
Enterprise
Produced reports upon adhoc requests and archived data on a scheduled basis using the 
Business Objects XI3.1 tools namely Desktop
Intelligence and Universe Designer 
Created SQL Server Agent jobs to monitor application's stability on a daily basis 
Worked on correction
of erroneous data feeds using basic UNIX Commands in PuTTY 
Value addition 
Altered the table structure of the database of TRACX to
match the input data feed format 
Assisted in the decommission of Business Eye by creating and implementing methods to 
archive data from
its database 
Technology/Languages used: ASP.NET 2.0, PL/SQL, HTML 
Tools used: TOAD, HP Service Manager, WinSCP, PuTTY,
BusinessObjects XI3.1 
Universe 
Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Central Management Console, PM Smart, vi text editor.
Education and Training
Degree 
Bachelor of Engineering 
College 
Easwari Engineering College 
Discipline Â​ 
Electronics/Communication 
Year of Graduation 
Â​ 2010
Training and Certifications 
Course 
Period 
Institution 
ITIL Â​ ASM Basic 
Oct 2011 
RTB Business Academy 
Windows and Web Application 
Jan
2010 
NIIT Ltd 
Development using .Net Framework
Skills
.NET 3.5, .NET, ASP .NET 3.5, ASP.NET 2.0, ASP.NET 3.5, AJAX, ASM, Banking, Basic, Business Objects, c, CSS, CSS 2, customer
satisfaction, data analysis, Database, delivery, EBusiness, editor, Electronics, HP, HTML 4, HTML, IDE, IIS 7.0, ITIL, JavaScript, C#, C# 3.0,
Windows, windows applications, 2000, 3.1, Windows 98, Enterprise, Oct, Operating systems, Oracle 9, Oracle database, PL/SQL, personnel,
programming, recording, reporting, sales, Servers, Service Level Agreement, SLA, Visual SourceSafe, Visual 
SourceSafe, SQL, SQL Server,
technical support, TOAD, UNIX, vi, Microsoft Visual Studio, Visual studio, Windows server