SUPERVISORY LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
Summary
A target focused, highly motivated , and competent Logistics Manager 
with a long track record of utilizing 
people, personnel and 
financial budgets
to obtain positive results. Comprehensive 
understanding of logistics methodology, Aviation Maintenance Management, inventory control, as well as
demonstrating high standards of work practices with 
a safety conscious attitude.
Highlights
Data collection and analysis
Exceptional organizational skills
Analytical thinker
Creative problem solver
Public speaking
Inventory tracking
Budget management
Staffing and recruiting professional
Works well independently
Decisive
Results-oriented
Strategic planner
Works well independently
Flexible
Accomplishments
Leadership
Supervised 10 Marines and 20 civilians 
in the issuing 
to the 
Department of Defense and NATO units 
2,920 pieces of 
Ground Support
Equipment (GSE) and Aviation Weapon Support Equipment ( AWSE).
Research
Conducted research which led to the development of 
contingency program for tracking all maintenance actions performed.
People Management:
Responsible for the training /recertification of 21 personnel while utilizing a training budget of $12,000.00 dollars.
Financial Management:
Directly responsible for a fiscal year 
budget of 
$ 228,170.00 dollars .
Maintained 100% accountability of a large section of equipment worth over $16 million dollars .
Steered daily operations in support of $ 16 
million in equipment and supplies with no deficiencies, losses or damages.
Competitive Analysis
Performed maintenance analysis recommendations 
to increase maintenance output production numbers 
while decreasing costs.
Experience
October 2009
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Supervisory Logistics Management Specialist
Managing a team of 
30 employees in a busy work environment.
Establish and implement departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures.
Creating, managing and analyzing performance data and other information .
Ensuring that all appropriate documentation is kept on file and available for inspection at all times.
Ability to establish a rapport with people from all social backgrounds
Ensuring compliance to all Environmental Health & Safety goals and objectives.
Encouraging,identifying 
and developing best practice strategy
Ensuring that each stage of distribution and maintenance process is on time, on budget and to the right quality standards.
August 2005
to
August 2008
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Quality Assurance Chief
Reviewed and edited correspondence prior to release and submission for signature.
Performed 
of a variety of assignments directed toward ensuring acceptability of products, or acceptable levels of quality in the operationsinvolved.
Ensure compliance of all local, state, 
and federal laws regarding the ordering, use, and disposal of hazardous material.
Ensure compliance of COMNAVAIRFORINST 4790.2, local Maintenance Instruction Manuals, and publications.
Provide liaison between the QUlaity Assurance Department and the maintenance departments.
Conduct audits to identify trend analysis and the correction of defects /deficiencies.
November 2002
to
July 2005
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Advanced Communication/ Navigation 
Supervisor
Coordinated work schedules for 14 electronics technicians creating balanced shifts in the work center and better meeting the needs of
customers.
• Monitored equipment usage and adjusted work priorities resulting in a more flexible and productive work center.
• Calculated costs of equipment and repairs vice replacement costs reducing the repair costs and hours worked by technicians.
January 1997
to
July 2002
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Aviation Maintenance Management Instructor
Aviation Maintenance Administration Management Training Instructor
-Course Coordinator for 
NALCOMIS IMA 
Power Plants Documentation Procedures, NALCOMIS IMA Work Center Management
Documentation Procedures, NALCOMIS IMA Production
Successfully graduated over 400 Department of the Navy students 
in 
the proper documentation of aviation maintenance management in
accordance of COMNAVINST 4790.2
Education
2013
University of Phoenix 
MBA
 
: 
Business
3.72 GPA
Member of Delta Mu Delta International Honor Society in Business
Coursework in Business and Management
Coursework in Business, Management and Communications
Managerial Statistics and Management Communication coursework
Operations and Quality Management coursework
Advanced coursework in Business Administration and Public Policy
Coursework in Marketing and Communications
Coursework in Law and Political Science
2011
University of Phoenix 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business
3.4 GPA
Coursework in Business, Management and Communications
Coursework in Business Communications and Management Information Systems
Coursework in Business Communications and Management Information Systems
Operations and Quality Management coursework
Managerial Statistics and Management Communication courseworkSkills
Ability to lead, motivate and build successful teams.
Understand all legal, regulatory, information security and compliance requirements.
Proven influencer & negotiator.
Achieving targets in a dynamic and complex business environment. Team leading & people development skills.
Able to manage and develop a diverse group of highly skilled people.
A pragmatic approach to getting the required results.
Ability to manage operations within budgetary constraints.