MANAGEMENT AND PROGRAM ANALYSIS
Professional Summary
Human services degree, ARCOM award for successful works as a budget and Administration works in the Oklahoma National Guard training
department, successfully completed and passed two administration and budget related inspections, Volunteered with the Oklahoma National
Guard family programs, Proficient in Microsoft Office to include, Excel, Power-point Word/ Typing 45 Words per minute. Experience in briefing
administrative issues, strategies, and solutions. Experience in gathering research, searching polices, regulations and verbally communicating end
results. Ability to use extensive budget knowledge to mentor and train others that are new to the field. Organized and rebuild Oklahoma Counter
drug administration and financial records to meet National Guard Bureau standards receiving a 100% in administration and 88% in finance while
undergoing evaluation. Ability to lead and take direction, work well with others. https://www.usajobs.gov/ 
Applicant/Resume/ListResurnes
3/9/2015 https 
://www.usajobs.govIApplicant/Resume/ListResumes 3/9/2015
Core Qualifications
File/reAnalytical reasoning
Budget forecasting expertise
Account reconciliation
Superior research skills
Complex problem solving
Effective time management
Spreadsheet development
Financial Records and Processing
Oral and Written communications
Computer proficiency
Records Maintencance
Experience
Management and Program Analysis
 
08/2011
 
to 
12/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintain detailed record of budgetary transaction for annual operation of the SAO(State Aviation Office) budget
Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.
Prepared financial and regulatory reports required by laws, regulations or boards of directors.
Completed monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for 11 small companies.
Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.
Restructured and analyzed [Software program] to improve budget reporting
.Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software.
Analyzed costs and revenues to project future trends.
01/2011
 
to 
08/2011
 
City
 
, 
State
43,000.00 USO per Year Hours per week: 
40 Budget technician (This is a federal job Analyzes funding for Oklahoma National Guard
Aviation Flying Hour Program, Counter-Narcotics Program, and Additional Flight training Periods to aid effectiveness and to identify
deficient areas or trends.
Independently or as assigned undertakes projects which involves surveys, comparisons and studies of current and past operations.
Reviews, evaluates and analyzes obligations and expenditures.
Prepares aviation summaries for reports submitted by subordinate AASF's.
Summarizes and interprets significant data collected and relates this data to aviation plans, standards, and actions; identifies and analyzes
deficiencies in resource consumption, training, workload and scheduling, and evaluates deviations from standards, plans and estimates to
determine cause and impact on aviation mission.
Advises management when manpower authorizations, based on analytical and statistical studies, appear unbalanced.
Identifies and validates the manning required to support the mission assigned the organization by the use of various forecasting and statistical
techniques.
Evaluate changes in the aviation operation plan for programs that will affect the FHP and training capability forecast.
Based upon higher guidance develop and annual budget for the aviation program.
Reviews prior and current budgets/funding trends, complies funding projections and prepares funding recommendations.
Anticipates requirements for aviation funds by reviewing execution plans and recommends appropriate action such as reprogramming funds
from one project or facility to another to correct funds shortage.
Develops annual training budget data for training programs.
Provides cost analysis for unit school proposals and the Synthetic Flight Training Simulator Program.
Forecast budgetary requirements to support centralized/specialized aviation training programs in areas such as ammunition, Parts, Oil, and
Lubrication, repair parts, flying hours and personnel requirements.
Knowledge of analytical and evaluative techniques to analyze program elements of the aviation program in terms of capabilities and
requirements.
Knowledge of administrative regulations and operating procedures to identify, analyze and provide recommendations for improving aviation
methods and procedures.
Proficient with ARMY computer programs such as AFCOS, SAP financial system, STANFINS, Defense Travel System as well as Excel
and word.
Supervisor: Clifton Barger (405-228-5473) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes.
10/2007
 
to 
01/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Series: 0561 Pay Plan: GS 43,000.00 USO per Year Hours per week: 
40.Series: 0561 Pay Plan: GS 43,000.00 USO per Year Hours per week: 
40.
Budget assistant (This is a federal job Objective as a Budget assistant was developing procedures and administrative processes concerning
the preparation and execution of the Oklahoma National Guard Mobilization and Training budgets totaling over $100 million dollars by
accurately and timely analyzing and evaluating each budget ensuring achievement of department priorities and mission objectives are met.
My office duties consisted of but not limited to: Reviewing all fund requests, monitoring budget account balances, Monitor outstanding
obligations, validate obligations.
Conduct monthly reviews of unliqudated obligations, computes and consolidates statistics 
for 
the 
current 
and 
following 
fiscal 
year, 
and
supplemental 
budget requirements for periodic or special activities arising after budget has been completed.
Reviews pay action documents for accuracy, authority, completeness, and conformity to regulatory and statutory requirements.
Verify accuracy and agreement of payroll totals with accounting controls and reconciles differences.
Developed budget estimates to include Mid-Year review for all assigned accounts based on experience performance factors or historical
data.
Monitored fund request and ensure account balances to not exceed the annual funding.
Allocations.
System knowledge in SIDPERS, AFCOS, GFEBS, FTSMCS, DTS, Microsoft Office to include Power point, word, excel.
Supervisor: Bobby Yandell (405-228-).
Education
Bachelor's Degree
 
: 
Human Services
 
01/2010
 
University of phoenix
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.4
 
GPA: 3.4 Credits Earned: 120.00
Human Services
Aviation Operation Specialist 06/13 GFEBS (SAP) Courses 01/11 36B Financial Management 3/10 Activity Managers/Budget Analyst Course
12/09
Microsoft Office 05/07 Microsoft Excel 05/07 AFCOS advance course 04/06
 
11/09
Languages
Languge_ English
Additional Information
Affiliations: Oklahoma National Guard - Soldier/ES Oklahoma National Guard Employee appreciation - President 
A_m_er_ic_an
Comptroller Division - Member Name
Skills
accounting, administrative, administrative duties, Analyst, Army, budgets, Budget, conferences, cost analysis, Credit, DTS, staff training, English,
financial, Financial Management 3, forecasting, forms, Funds, Letters, managing, meetings, Microsoft Excel, Excel, Microsoft Office, office 3,
office, Power point, Word, Oil, organizing, payroll, personnel, police, policies, processes, proposals, maintain records, Safety, SAP, scheduling,
statistics, Supervisor, surveys, Technician, answering phones, Phone, training programs, Type, typing