HR CONSULTING
Summary
7+ years of Experience as a HR Partner with experience in all the facets of the Human Resource Function. Extensive background in HR generalist
affairs, including experience in Recruiting, On boarding, Performance Management, employee retention, staff development, mediation, conflict
resolution, Benefits and compensation, HR records management, HR policies, Jobs and Competencies. Demonstrated success in negotiating win-
win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, corporate policies. Experience in Recruitment: Full life cycle recruiting involving Resourcing,
Sourcing , Interviewing, Placement and On boarding. HR Generalist Responsibilities Benefits/Payroll Administration HR Policies & Procedures
Performance Management Data analysis and Reporting Staff Retention Employee Relations HR Programs Recruitment/Hiring Employee
Counseling Administration Conflict Resolution Orientation & On-Boarding SAP HR - Database access Training & Development Organizational
Development Compensation and Benefits
Experience
07/2009
 
to 
01/2014
HR Consulting
 
Company Name
07/2008
 
to 
05/2009
HR Coordinator
05/2007
 
to 
06/2008
HR Assistant
 
Company Name
I was able to reduce the employee attrition by 5% 
in my Business Unit with higher Employee connect and rolling out programs boosting the
employee morale.
Worked on developing 
the existing Employee Appraisal process to a comprehensive Performance Management process 
resulting in an
optimized process flow.
Helped the Senior Leadership team in defining a crisp Career Path - for both technical and Managerial positions.
Devised a special program for the High Performers in the Organization leading to differentiated career trajectories retaining the cream layer
of the Organization.
Worked on optimization of the existing Reward and Recognition process.
Developed internal job portal aimed at providing collaborative environment to facilitate 
Internal sourcing.
Worked on 360 degree feedback process for the Managers.
Performance Management Conduct awareness sessions on Company's performance management philosophy, tool etc Annual Increments
and Promotions - manage the end to end closure of Compensation increment and promotion cycles including the budget calculation and
distribution.
Handle Performance Improvement Plan for the bottom performers and handling other disciplinary processes such as warnings and
termination.
Manager Feedback/ Skip Level - administer skip level that provides feedback to the manager which acts a development tool for
improvement People Engagement Project Level Engagement Survey - administer the survey for various strategic accounts to understand the
health of the account.
This includes context setting with the employees, administrating the survey, feedback collation, analysis, and account specific action plan in
collaboration with the managers All Minds Meet - Organize meets to connect the employees with the Top Level Leadership Monthly HR
review with the delivery leadership team to review and educate them on various people aspects/concerns Rewards and Recognition -
Recognize the right talent, approval of nominations and rewarding them.
Fun activities - Fun teams formed at the account level and assist them to come up with the regular fun charter People Management Retention
Management - to come up with proactive measures to retain the top talent Attrition Management - discussion with the resigned employees
and exit management Relocations and Transfers - approval of onsite and offshore compensation fitments during relocation and offshore
assimilation Operational Activities Prepare and maintain Human Resource Information system records/Employee files , various headcount
related reports, MIS tracking, Joining reports, attrition tracking reports etc.
Analyzing the data and projecting Trends to enable better business decisions.
Handling Orientation and On boarding for new employees.
Providing and processing payroll Inputs.
Managing the Employee benefits such as Medical Insurance.
Coordinating for Training and Development needs of the employees.
Maintain compliance with federal and state regulations concerning employment.
Work with corporate group in running Organization Development activities.
Planning birthdays, employee group events.
Handling the leave management systems and maintaining timesheets.
Keeping the employee policies and procedures updated and educating employees on these through positive reinforcement.
Recruitment: Working with hiring managers on Recruitment planning.
Identified, engaged, and recruited qualified candidates by performing sourcing activities such as: market and Internet research, internet job
board searches/postings, referral recruiting, social media networking, attending seminars, and local networking events.
Conducted interviews to assess skill level, presented candidates for client review and final selection, drove offer process including reference
checks, salary negotiations.
Special Assignments: Designed and Managed the " Mentor Me" program to motivate the high performers in the Organization.
Handled a team of 3 members and made it a highly successful program.
Education
2007MBA
 
: 
Human Resource Management
 
KIMS University Karnataka University
 
Human Resource Management
2005
Bachelors of Commerce
 
BNDC University : Karnataka University
Masters of Business Administration
Interests
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS COMPUTERS CORE COMPETENCIES AND AWARDS
Skills
benefits, budget, client, delivery, hiring, Human Resource, HR, Insurance, Leadership, People Management, Managerial, Managing, market,
Mentor, MIS, negotiations, networking, Internet research, optimization, Organization Development, payroll, Performance Management,
philosophy, policies, processes, promotion, Recruitment, recruiting, seminars, strategic
Additional Information
Team Spot Award for being the best team in driving Performance Management Team Lead Award for " Mentor Me Program" HUMAN
RESOURCE GENERALIST CORE FUNCTIONAL STRENGTHS PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
COMPUTERS CORE COMPETENCIES AND AWARDS