SUPERVISOR
Summary
Accomplished results orientedÂ leader withÂ marketing and customer service experience. Exceptional organization, time management and multi-
tasking abilitiesÂ  with an MBA- Management/Finance.
Skills
Complaint handling and resolution
Self-motivated
In-depth knowledge of markets and relationships
Complex problem solver
Skilled negotiator
Self-motivated
Accomplishments
Qualified for 
[Number]
 
quarterly sales bonuses by exceeding sales target by 
[Number]
 %. 
Leadership
Research
Implementation
Assisted in implementation of new tracking system that resulted in improved patient care.
Conducted research which led to the development of 
[program]
 .
Served as key contributing member to Leadership team.
Experience
July 2015
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Supervisor
Responsible for the daily oversight operations of the call center, monitoring average call handle time (ACHT), telephone service factor
(TSF), and adherence to schedules.
Supervise bargaining unit employees in joint efforts with the (UAW) union.
Manage Walk- In staff and their schedules to service incoming customers.
Assist in the assessment, development, implementation, and ongoing reporting of operational improvements as they relate to customer
service metrics and process improvements of the call center.
Reduced my team average call handle and wrap time metrics by 200 seconds.
30% reduction).
Participate in meetings with the Account Receivable Department to improve members payment efficiencies and best practice
implementation.
February 2013
 
to 
July 2015
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Clinical Administrative Assistant- Healthcare Administrator
Recruited, trained and managed the clinical medical staff and customer service representatives.
Directed medical receptionist operations, including scheduling, transportation protocols, and patient satisfaction.
Collected and secured patient co-pays and deductibles.
Improved patient attendance rates by 20%.
Responsible for developing and implementing patient and retention strategies.
Improved processes to ensure accurate electronic billing and reimbursement.
CMS-STARS Rating implementation and support.
Collaborated with social services and charitable organizations to provide resources to members of the local community- Served over 200
families 
Fidelis Secure Care Medicare Advantage HMO (Dual Eligible).
October 2010
 
to 
January 2013
Community Account Manager
Developed new and retained existing relationships with client base, resulting in 65% retention and 10% new membership leads.
Conducted in-service training to office/home managers regarding organizational protocols.
Completed weekly reports for nurse practitioners and physicians.
Verified client information to ensure proper insurance information and resolved customer service issues.
October 2009
 
to 
October 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Administrative Assistant/ Home manager
Advanced to increasingly responsible positions, culminating in management role with oversight for a state certified Group home.
Directed 12 employees and managed inventory, merchandise and cost controls resulting in 20% annual savings.
Maintained high standards in sanitation and safety and complied with regulatory guidelines.
Completed balanced billing, authorization verification, and 3806 forms for payment.
Completed background checks, fingerprinting, and employee information hiring packets for new hires.
Education and Training
Organizational Leadership
 
Masters Business Administration
 
Organizational Leadership
May 6, 2017
University of Findlay
 International Business
 
MBA
 
International Business
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification
March 31, 2017
University of Michigan
 
Health Care Administration
 
Bachelors of Science
 
Health Care Administration
May 2015
Mercy College of Ohio
 
Associates of Science
May 2013
Wayne County Community College
 
Magna cum Laude
Activities and Honors
I am an experienced corporate professional with 10 years of progressive accomplishments, and work history. I am highly diversified with
interpersonal skills, demonstrated leadership and a strategic thinker for efficient and effective problem solving. I have worked full time while
completing my Executive Management MBA with conferral date in May of 2017. My goal is to align and engage my broad, diverse skillset and
experience to contribute to meet and exceed plan/budget goals. 
I seek a career opportunity that will leverage my unique skills and qualifications as
a business professional. My intent is to utilize my MBA education and work history to establish a mutual relationship, which will impact the bottom
line and provide a platform for my career growth and advancement. *MBA- General Management coursework in accounting, financial
management and leadership *Proven track record implementing successful leadership practices to motivate and manage staff. *Implemented and
directed 5S lean initiative to 127 employees. *6 years of professional robust leadership and management experience.
Skills
billing, call center, CMS, client, customer service, forms, hiring, insurance, inventory, meetings, office, organizational, processes, protocols,
receptionist, reporting, safety, scheduling, Six Sigma, social services, telephone, transportation