AVIATION RECORDS ANALYST
Summary
Highly organized and detailed-oriented Analyst with 15 years of professional experience providing expert problem resolution and customer support
toÂ U.S Navy, Marine Corp, and civilian customers.
Highlights
Vast computer skills
Fluent communicator
Customer service expert
Extensive technical knowledge
Proven Problem solverÂ 
Deadline-oriented
Experience
Company Name
 
June 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Aviation Records Analyst
 
City
 
, 
State
Utilize the SkyBOOKs aviation maintenance tracking application to provide aircraft configuration and maintenance program compliance
data to "build" aircraft electronic logbooks accurately and in a timely manner within a web-based software application (SaaS) providing an
all-around complete product to the aircraft owner / operator ensuring a precise aircraft maintenance planning and tracking tool.
Meticulously researched and accurately analyzed over 200 aviation logbooks and other forms of maintenance documentation provided by
aircraft owner operators to determine compliance in accordance with specified maintenance requirements.
Expertly examined aircraft engine and aircraft specific component maintenance manuals and Instructions for Research Airworthiness
documents to determine required maintenance actions and associated intervals.
Company Name
 
February 2014
 
to 
June 2014
 
Functional Analyst
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide information systems technical support including numerous windows servers and two Linux servers supporting over 1,000 military
and civilian customers.
Diligently conducted vital daily server system checks ensuring 100% system availability 24 hours a day, performed nightly server back-ups,
release and print batch reports, monitor and ensure continuous successful system interface with Navy ERP, and provide system maintenance
and troubleshooting when required.
Responsible for ensuring the timely review and updates of the teams vital Standard Operating Procedure technical documents.
Company Name
 
November 2004
 
to 
September 2013
 
Technical Support Representative
 
City
 
, 
State
SME for the web based Advanced Skill Management (ASM) application's day-to-day operations including the training of Naval personnel
in the use of ASM, electronic and paper record keeping, troubleshooting, resolving and documenting customer issues, soliciting
enhancements, and verification of vital data entry requirements into the ASM application for use by the majority of the naval aviation
community encompassing over 4500 military and civilian personnel.
Directed the design, development, quality assurance, implementation, and management of approximately 3000 mission critical technical
documents within the ASM program.
Coordinated implementation of new systems, patches and other on-site upgrades, implementation and testing of enhancements to ASM to
ensure maximum utility and functionality of the ASM system to meet customer needs and expectations.
Single point of contact for collecting and interpreting customer feedback on all problematic E-tool issues and data from all 19 Naval and
Marine sites and advised higher management as to suggested actions for immediate resolution.
Provided expert user support to the development team on customer needs and assist customers in articulating user needs and
recommendations.
Company Name
 
February 1999
 
to 
October 2004
 
Aviation Data Analyst E-6
 
Proven Aviation Data Analyst for the U.S. Navy at Naval Air Station Jacksonville, FL. supporting numerous aircraft and types of ground
support equipment. Performed a variety of functional processes using NTCSS Desktop II. Changes NTCSS passwords, monitors and
manages print request and printer configurations, monitors system information, changes application process limits. Maintained system
security. Inputs, extracts, analyze and validate maintenance data; develops and interprets management reports, monitor input of data and the
parameters for up-line reporting and related interface requirements. Performed analysis of aviation 3M data as directed and in support of the
Naval Aviation Maintenance Program. Regularly prepared highly detailed data summaries and reports using SQL ad hocs, spreadsheet,
graphical, narrative, and oral presentations.
Increased analytical focus on vital source documents led to a 50% decrease in component turnaround time from 7.4 days to 3.7 days and a
45% increase in corrosion man-hour documentation from 4,950 hours to over 9,000 hours
Expert analytical ability allowed for the timely implementation and accurate management of the Aviation Financial Analysis Tool (AFAST)
application which was directly responsible for saving the command over 3.7 million dollars.
Education
Downers Grove South High School
 
1984
 
High School Diploma
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Florida State College of Jacksonville
 
Associate of Science
 
: 
Computer Science
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Seeking Degree in Computer Science and
Information,Â 2011-2015Â 3.36 GPA; 55Â Semester Hours completed.Â  Courses completed: 
Â  
Computer Concepts, Intro to the Internet,
Hardware Configuration, Software Configuration, Micro-Computer Applications, Database Concepts, Intro to Computer Programing, OracleSQL and PL/SQL, Customer Support Operations, Project Management, Computer Networking, Web Technologies, Information Systems, and
Internet Programing.
Accomplishments
One year experience as Aviation Records Analyst for Bell Helicopter
Four months experience as a Linux/Unix Functional Analyst at Naval Air Station Jacksonville
Nine years' experience as a Technical Support Representative for the U.S. Navy's web based Advanced Skill Management (ASM) Naval
Aviation maintenance training application
Five years' experience as a Data Analyst for the U.S. Navy
Very proficient computer skills. Experienced with Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, and Power Point, Outlook, Internet, and MS Project,
SQL, hardware and software installations
Certifications
Earned Technical Certificate for IT Customer Support Specialist from Florida State College of Jacksonville.
Skills
Computers,Â Sql, Customer Support, Database, Networking, Oracle, Pl/sql, Project Management, Software Configuration, Aviation, Web
Based, Technical Support, Data Entry, Documenting, Quality Assurance, Subject Matter Expert, Testing, Training, Analyst,Â Aircraft
Maintenance, Saas,Â Crystal Reports, Excel, Linux/unix, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, Ms Project, Outlook, Python, Remedy, Scanning,
Unix, Word,Â Enterprise Resource Planning.