SENIOR EXERCISE SPECIALIST & SPORTS AND RECREATION COORDINATOR
Summary
Pursuing project management work, I will leverage my ten years of professional experience and coordination skills towards growing the company.
I thrive in fast-paced environments and seek to constantly raise the level of performance and organizational excellence.
Highlights
Project Manager, Enthusiastic, Driven, Microsoft Office Proficient, Organized, and
Committed to Excellence MS Office and Project
Business strategy and marketing
Exceptional communication skills
Experienced in planning and organizing
Problem solver
Excellent leadership and interpersonal abilities
Adaptable
Resourceful and able to network for shared knowledge
Experience
Senior Exercise Specialist & Sports and Recreation Coordinator
Coordinated the redesign and grand re-opening of the corporate health facility, ensuring seamless integration of new equipment and layout.
Planned and scheduled rollout of new fitness classes.
Directed members during grand re-opening day and represented the fitness center as a new and improved site of service.
Held post-project meeting reviewing status of the site remodel, discussing lessons learned, and getting feedback from team members.
Designed floor layout using CAD drawing.
Supervised new hires and interns.
Quickly grew in coordinatory responsibilities within one year of hire.
Generated task lists and action items for interns to follow.
Met regularly with direct management and stakeholders (via in-person meetings, conference calls, or webinars) to oversee smooth daily
operation of facility and projects.
Took and distributed meeting minutes.
Coordinated and participated in special events such as sport tournaments, scavenger hunts and facility remodel, creating an atmosphere of
collaboration and family.
Through role definition and teamwork, publicized new programs, such as sports and recreation rollout and availability of new classes
through marketing initiatives.
Marketed sports and recreation program through flyers, digital notices and social corporate media.
Launched successful pilot sports and recreation program in line with organizational expectations.
Establish and scheduled recreational fitness activities such as fitness challenges, workshops, team building and sports tournaments.
Led workshops on health and wellness topics such as posture, nutrition, and exercise.
Proactively research new ways to improve recreation, health and wellness opportunities offered at the fitness center, and inform Safeway
corporate employees of them.
Plan and execute fitness programs.
Implemented various sport and recreational leagues, both complimentary and fee-based.
Collected and kept records of fess for team apparel, league costs and facility equipment.
Monitor and track clients' progress and engagement in programs.
Procured fitness equipment needed to operate the fitness center.
Networked with representatives from vendors and other Plus One sites to acquire fitness materials and discuss industry trends.
Worked independently with vendors for purchase orders.
Work closely with all stakeholders on each project through phases of fitness equipment sourcing and procurement, and design development
and installation of equipment.
Conducted quote gathering, purchase order development and administration, and invoice processing.
Maintained expense reports.
Started up Safeway's sports and recreation program, designed to promote team building, camaraderie, and healthy lifestyles through
physical activity.
Play integral role in successfully driving small group and personal training sales by performing fitness assessments, coordinating group.
Senior Specialist & Coordinator
 
07/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Fitness Strategy Specialist
 
03/2011
 
to 
02/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Played integral role in successfully establishing a new hospital affiliated wellness facility.
Ensured smoothness of grand opening and helped create a positive identity for the wellness center.
Designed and documented fitness goals and programs for special populations including diabetics, elderly, obese, cancer survivors,
sedentary, and other high-risk groups.
Tracked improvements and delivered progress reports for participants.
Worked extensively with senior citizen clientele, rehabilitated knee and hip replacement patients, and performed health risk assessments for
new members, and provided personal one-on-one health consultation.
Provided instruction in multiple formats, including cardiorespiratory,specialty, strength and endurance training, resistance training, plyometricand core balance training.
Legal Firm Administrator
 
09/2004
 
to 
11/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Created innovative templates to accelerate the court stipulation filing process, and implemented them as a requirement for attorneys to input
for their legal assistants.
Took on challenge of reconciling gaps during high-visibility audit, by reprioritizing team workload.
Documented procedures, recommendations, and policies.
Drove process improvements and cost savings.
Completed daily, month-end, and quarter-end reports for the foreclosure department.
Identified efficiency improvements, which resulted in significant savings in time, money and manual error.
Utilized various technologies such as case management systems, to perform audits, database inquiries, report generation, etc.
Drafted contracts and stipulations in accordance with state policies and regulations to be filed with the court.
Maintained both external client and internal firm databases, which resulted in workflow being up to date at all times.
Performed data validation and reconciliation on trusted access systems.
Served as liaison between the firm and client financial institution.
Proactively communicated with client about relationship accounts.
Trained colleagues on job functions including database inquiries, report generation, client systems, time management, and communications.
Education
M.S
 
: 
Project Management
 
University of Wisconsin
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Project Management
B.S
 
: 
Kinesiology
 
California State University
 
Kinesiology
Skills
agile, balance, Budgeting, Business strategy, CAD, interpersonal, communication skills, consultation, contracts, clientele, client, clients, databases,
database, driving, special events, filing, financial, drawing, instruction, layout, team building, leadership, legal, marketing, materials, meetings,
access, money, Microsoft Office, MS Office, network, organizing, organizational, policies, Problem solver, procurement, progress, reconciling,
requirement, research, sales, scheduling, teamwork, time management, validation, workflow, workshops