ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Currently looking for Long Term/Permanent/Contract Opportunity Financial Statement 
Management Reporting 
Cost Accounting Asset
Management 
Budgeting & forecasting 
Cash Flow Management Payroll Functions 
Audit Preparation 
Inventory Control
CAREER SUMMURY A competent, efficient and highly motivated professional with hands on experienced in the fields of Finance and
Connected department. Over 8 years experience (5 years in Qatar) in a multi-cultural environment. Successful back ground in Trading,
Contracting and Service companies' accounts and able to produce many reports for the project purpose. My professional capacity included
finalization of accounts, and preparation of various reports for accounting purpose & managerial decisions. Dedicated and complete multiple tasks
follow through to achieve project goals and excellent knowledge to accounting software/computer programs. Successfully completed diploma in
Manual and Computer Accounting Packages from Shreeshankaracharya, kerala, India. Excellent knowledge in Tally ERP Peachtree & Daceasy.
Working knowledge in Delta Software Doha Qatar Proficiency in Microsoft Â​ Office
Experience
Accountant
 
, 
01/2009
 
to 
05/2012
 
Company Name
Positive Trading and Contracting is MEP contractors generally undertake design, supply, installation and maintenance of all
electromechanical works and Trading.
As an Accountant I was directly reporting to Cheif Accountant of the Company.
Primarily responsible for balance sheet account reconciliations including Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable, and complete
allocations on a monthly basis.
Also handled daily transactions and journal entries, Job Costing and Reporting.
Ensuring that set Accounting Processes, policies, systems and programs are followed.
Job Responsibilities.
Responsible for the maintenance of the accounts and accounting system of the company for the purpose of generating the company's
financial statement.
Handling of update tasks to ledgers and carried out journal entries transaction, customer ledger, cash receipts, Payment voucher.
Reconciling of Accounts Payable and Receivable.
Prepare aging wise reports Accounts Payable and Receivable.
Cross checking all Bills, Voucher Verification and Other documents.
Banking - Calculating Project cash requirement, Preparation of Bank reconciliation statements.
Responsible for office Petty Cash and verification vouching of accounts by verifying the nature and authenticity of expenses.
Issuing the LPO and Monitor purchase price variance of raw materials.
Costing and calculation of material consumption.
Reconcile balance sheet accounts to appropriate subsidiary ledgers and performs account analysis to ensure appropriate adjustments are
recorded timely.
Payroll - Coordinated monthly payroll functions for 200+ employees and Calculate over time Manage timely payment of worker's
compensation Interface with External Auditors.
Accountant cum Admin / Finance &HR
 
Company Name
November
 
, 
04/2009
 
to 
01/2009
Focus mall is the Real estate company and first premium shopping mall in kerala with leading brand retail outlet.
As An Administrator responsible for providing Accounting clerical support of the team and coordinating the Administration department.
Job Responsibilities.
Handling of update tasks to ledgers and carried out journal entries transaction, customer ledger, cash receipts.
Providing financial, administrative and clerical services in order to ensure effective, efficient and accurate financial and administrative
operations.
Provide support to staff on the production of timesheets, travel claims, orders and any other relevant.
To assist and and coordinating Promotional activities within in the mall.
Updates daily, weekly, monthly Report to Management.
Prepares statement of accounts and follow up collections.
Prepares cheques and official receipts Coordinated monthly timesheet for payroll functions Maintaining employee files and the HR filing
system Reconcile merchant statement of account with company records.
Responsible in documentation and other general office duties.
Page 2 of 3 
Shameeh CV TAX MATTERS- Auditing& Tax Consulting Firm 
INDIA Job Role/Department 
: 
Accountant Trainee /Finance
Duration 
: 
2005 May to 2006 April Tax matters Provides full range of audit and accounting services in accordance with international
standards including auditing, taxation and other Financial consulting services to dynamic businesses of all sizes.
Working with a wide range of businesses, charities, social enterprises, , sole traders, high net worth individuals Job Responsibilities.
Preparation of day books.
Bank reconciliation.
Stock estimation.
Two way comparison).Income and expense entries into the accounting system.
Maintained ledgers and accounting records.
Petty cash verification and vouching of accounts by verifying the nature and authenticity of expenses.
Verify calculations and input codes in to the Accounts system in an accurate manner.
Entering vendor invoices, paying bills and creating invoices for its clients.
Fixed asset update.
Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 
:
 
Finance and Marketing
 
,
 
2008
 
ICFAI University
 
India
 
Finance and Marketing
Bachelors of Commerce (B.com)
 
:
 
tax
 
,
 
2005
 
Calicut University
 
- 
State
 
, 
India
 
tax
Interests
STATE MEDIA W.L.L 
DOHA QATAR Job Role/Department 
: 
Senior Accountant /Finance Duration 
: 
2012 June Â​ Till the Date State Media
W.L.L is subsidiary of Qatar's prominent Holding Company State Holding. As the start-up member I played a vital role in setting-up, maintaining
and improving the financial system of our companies. Helped to determine financial strategy and policy, arranging the appropriate funding and
managing financial risks in company. Ensured company has the cash and liquidity to meet its obligations, and involved in HR and compliance
matters. I was official point of contact for all financial matters reporting directly to CFO of holding company and Managing Director of State
Media. Job Responsibilities Prepare, examine, and analyze ACCOUNTING records, financial statements, and other financial reports to assess
accuracy, completeness, and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. Summarizes current financial status by collecting information;
preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports Checking and updating of computerized systems such as: Vouchers, Payroll
accounting, fixed asset accounting & tracking etc. Finalization of Accounts with timely review and reconciliation of each trial balance account
investigates and corrects discrepancies. Expense allocations and perform General ledger account analysis as part of the month end close process
Monitoring cash flow, income and expenses and generating various financial reports as required by Group of Company finance Head and Forecast
Fund Requirement. Issues Invoices and subsequent collection of the funds. Tracking Accounts receivable constantly communicating with Clients to
collect outstanding and manage the payables, bankers and auditors. Manage payroll, Leave Salary and Gratuity. Payments: Prepare payments by
verifying documentation, and requesting disbursements.Local and Foreign Creditors', settlements through T.T, and cheques, Petty cash payments,
Contractual Obligations & Supervision over other payments. Develop, maintain, and analyze budgets, preparing periodic reports that compare
budgeted costs to actual costs. Coordinate among various heads of department of organization in fulfilling requirements and achieving intended
targets.
Personal Information
Areas Of Interest Accounts& Administration Age & Date of Birth : 29, 03-April-1985 Coordination / Operations Core Competencies 
Gender 
:
Male Team player 
Nationality 
: Indian Honest and adaptable Coordinating skills 
Religion 
: Muslim Hobbies & Interest 
Marital Status 
: Married
Reading 
Passport Details 
: E6908187, India Photography Languages known 
Visa status 
: Company Work visa (transferable) NOC available
English-Read, write& speak 
Driving license 
: Valid Qatar driving license holder Hindi & Arabic- Read, write Malayalam-Native 
Reference 
:
Available upon request.
Additional Information
STATE MEDIA W.L.L 
DOHA QATAR Job Role/Department 
: 
Senior Accountant /Finance Duration 
: 
2012 June Â​ Till the Date State
Media W.L.L is subsidiary of Qatar's prominent Holding Company State Holding. As the start-up member I played a vital role in setting-up,
maintaining and improving the financial system of our companies. Helped to determine financial strategy and policy, arranging the
appropriate funding and managing financial risks in company. Ensured company has the cash and liquidity to meet its obligations, and
involved in HR and compliance matters. I was official point of contact for all financial matters reporting directly to CFO of holding company
and Managing Director of State Media. Job Responsibilities Prepare, examine, and analyze ACCOUNTING records, financial statements,
and other financial reports to assess accuracy, completeness, and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. Summarizes current
financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports Checking and updating of
computerized systems such as: Vouchers, Payroll accounting, fixed asset accounting & tracking etc. Finalization of Accounts with timely
review and reconciliation of each trial balance account investigates and corrects discrepancies. Expense allocations and perform General
ledger account analysis as part of the month end close process Monitoring cash flow, income and expenses and generating various financial
reports as required by Group of Company finance Head and Forecast Fund Requirement. Issues Invoices and subsequent collection of the
funds. Tracking Accounts receivable constantly communicating with Clients to collect outstanding and manage the payables, bankers and
auditors. Manage payroll, Leave Salary and Gratuity. Payments: Prepare payments by verifying documentation, and requesting
disbursements.Local and Foreign Creditors', settlements through T.T, and cheques, Petty cash payments, Contractual Obligations &
Supervision over other payments. Develop, maintain, and analyze budgets, preparing periodic reports that compare budgeted costs to actual
costs. Coordinate among various heads of department of organization in fulfilling requirements and achieving intended targets.
PERSONAL DETAILS Areas Of Interest Accounts& Administration Age & Date of Birth : 29, 03-April-1985 Coordination / Operations
Core Competencies 
Gender 
: Male Team player 
Nationality 
: Indian Honest and adaptable Coordinating skills 
Religion 
: Muslim Hobbies &
Interest 
Marital Status 
: Married Reading 
Passport Details 
: E6908187, India Photography Languages known 
Visa status 
: Company Work
visa (transferable) NOC available English-Read, write& speak 
Driving license 
: Valid Qatar driving license holder Hindi & Arabic- Read,
write Malayalam-Native 
Reference 
: Available upon request.
Skills
Reconcile balance sheet accounts, account reconciliations, Accounting, Accountant I, Accountant, accounting system, Accounts Payable and
Receivable, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, administrative, Auditing, balance sheet, Bank
reconciliation, Banking, cash receipts, clerical, Consulting, Costing, clients, documentation, filing, Finance, financial, Financial consulting, Focus,
general office duties, HR, Job Costing, ledger, materials, office, works, Payroll, policies, Processes, Real estate, Reconciling, reporting,
requirement, retail, TAX, wise