HR CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Excellent team player with legal background and 
abilities to interpret laws, procedures, policies and processes; Client-oriented, results-driven and
deadline-oriented with a high degree of initiative; Capable to undertake and resolve numerous and complex assignments with minimal supervision.
Outstanding inter-personal, communication and customer service skills; Adept to organize, plan, and prioritize tasks with strong attention to details;
Comfortable working in a fast-paced and multicultural environment. Experienced in quantitative research and data analysis. Highly proficient in
Microsoft suite ( World, Excel, Power point) with working knowledge of the World bank group systems including People Soft 9.1, SAP and
Remedy.
Highlights
HR policies and procedures expertise
New employee orientations
People-oriented
Organized
Staff training and development
Accomplishments
-Recognized as the top performer of the Intake team:
*Successfully handled 4258 incoming calls which represents 25% of the total incoming calls for the Fiscal year 2014 and 15% more of the average
10% incoming calls allocated to each Intake team.
*Resolved approximately 80 emails inquiries on a weekly basis within an average of 1.4 days which is 30% less than the 2 days Service level
agreement.
Experience
01/2002
HR Customer Service Representative
 
11/2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Respond to inquiries about HR policies and procedures from clients and their dependents via telephone, emails, fax and walk-ins.
Ensure that all queries are logged and tracked in Remedy database to promote quality assurance.
Liaise with related departments, to include HR Teams, Visa, Payroll, Accounting and Travel to deliver timely service.
Educate clients about the availability and usage of self -service options.
Contribute in issues identification for inclusion into the knowledge base.
Research policies and procedures including departmental and federal agency guidelines to provide current and comprehensive responses.
Run and analyze daily reports to benchmark employee performance and compliance adhering to the 2 days Service Level Agreement to
delivery service.
Maintain tasks on track, and respond to deadlines and priorities.
Accomplishments: Recognized as the top performer of the Intake team: Successfully handled 4258 incoming calls which represents 25% of
the total incoming calls for the Fiscal year 2014 and 15% more of the average 10% incoming calls allocated to each Intake team.
Resolve approximately 80 emails inquiries on a weekly basis within an average of 1.4 days.
Consultant Project Manager
 
09/2009
 
to 
07/2012
 
Company Name
Wrote policy and procedures and completed other Department of Health licensing requirements for credentialing.
Wrote all business related correspondence.
Collected data to create client database.
Organized client record filing.
Updated and maintained clients records.
Held presentations about business opportunities in quest for expansion with very little supervision.
Prepared appointment package including salary and fringe benefits, letter of intent, security and medical clearance processes.
Created employee file checklist for documents to be submitted with application.
Prepared comprehensive and accurate materials for presentation.
Accomplishments: Obtained the agency home health care license to operate in Pennsylvania.
Designed marketing plan that increased clientele by 3% for this start-up venture.
Liaison Officer
 
07/2006
 
to 
04/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Organized presentations with business partners regarding objectives to achieve.
Partnered with physicians to obtain prior authorizations for services.
Maintained and managed over 100 clients' accounts.
Ran reports to evaluate employee productivity and benchmark case load increase rate from a quarter to another.
Liaised between clients, physicians, insurers and management to inquire about potential service improvement suggestions.
Communicated important service related information to clients and upper management.
Provided feedback to client to promote quality service.
Accomplishments: Created powerful information flow procedure to improve communication.
Developed a reliable client health insurance database.
EducationMaster
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Business Administration
Master
 
: 
Private Business Law
 
Southeastern University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
France
 
Private Business Law
Skills
Accounting, agency, benefits, clientele, client, clients, database, delivery, Department of Health, fax, filing, HR, insurance, marketing plan,
materials, Payroll, policies, presentations, processes, quality, quality assurance, quest, Research, Service Level Agreement, supervision, telephone