HR BUSINESS PARTNER II
Summary
To obtain a position in the Human Resources field where I can utilize proven people-oriented skills to develop and promote a positive work
environment. This position would leverage my professional experiences and job knowledge to enable me to make an immediate contribution to the
organization; while providing me with a challenging work environment that will allow me to continue to learn and grow.
Core Competencies
Human Capital Planning
Employee Engagement
Change Leadership
Project Management
Hiring and retention
Training and development
Performance management strategies
Experience
12/2002
 
- 
Current
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Business Partner II
Experienced HR professional with successful career in banking, operation/procedural development, and administration.
Excel at interfacing with employees at all levels to ensure organizational goals are attained.
I support the South Florida Retail LOB (Approx 330 Employees).
Possess excellent communication, analytical, and organizational skills.
Support the following functions within the Retail line of business; Employee Engagement analysis and delivery (this including focus groups
and listening sessions), Talent Review, organizational design, Performance and talent management cycles, and partner with learning to
coordination professional skills based training registration and annual compliance training adherence, Support Market Manager and Regional
Managers on all HC initiatives (Recruiting, Training, Performance, Development, Engagement, Retention).
Excel within fast paced environments where indirect leaderships skills are the keys to success.
An effective project manager with the skills necessary to direct, train and motivate teams to their fullest potential.
Deposition Simplification OCM Core Team - HR Project Lead Change Leadership Series HR Total Rewards Ambassador work stream.
09/1992
 
- 
10/2002
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Management
Driving record-high sales, propelling store to improve in ranking from the time assigned to a designated store.
Reducing turnover and benchmarking improvement in staff retention by way of employee development and morale-building programs.
Elevating store's guest-satisfaction scores by way of swift resolution of customer issues and a strong commitment to superior customer
service on all staff levels.
Excel within highly competitive environments where leaderships skills are the keys to success.
Growing sales and customer base while reducing overall expense to effectively manage profit margin on store's P&L.
Positions held/Job Duties Overall Store Operations.
Marketing, Administration, Customer Service, Human Resources, Marketing.
Regional HR Specialist
Talent Acquisition Consultant: Mortgage Fulfillment, Consumer Collections.
Grand Rapids Leadership Program Repossession Supervisor - Consumer Collections(Staff size 18)/ Foreclosure Supervisor - Consumer
Collections (Staff size 10 Training Facilitator - Consumer Collections New Hire training (Class size 6-12) Inbound/Outbound Collections.
Education
1995
Kalamazoo & GRCC Community College
University of Phoenix
 
BSBM
 
: 
Business Management
 
Business Management
Interests
Project SEARCH 5/3 Bank Donations Committee Chair 2010, 2011, Auction to Benefit Project SEARCH planning committee Teach a Child to
Save Classroom Initiative United Way Donations Captain, Day of Caring Volunteer, Contributor. Kids Food Basket Volunteer Habitat for
Humanity Volunteer 5/3 River Bank Run Runner Safety Volunteer 2002 - Present Additional Information Employee Engagement I am very
passionate about employee engagement and working with teams to utilize the skill sets and assets that each team member has to offer.
Skills
Administrative Assistant, attention to detail, banking, benchmarking, Clerical, excellent communication, competitive, Consultant, Customer Service,
delivery, Driving, fast, focus, Human Resources, HR, Leadership, listening, Director, Market, Marketing, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel,
Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft PowerPoint, SharePoint, Microsoft Word, nursing, organizational design, organizational skills, organizational,
Perioperative, profit, Project Lead, Recording, Recruiting, Retail, sales, Scheduling, Supervisor, swift, employee development
Additional Information
Corporate Citizenship/Certifications Awards Horizon Award Recipient, ROCKS Award Recipient Six Sigma Yellow Belt Trained 2010Project SEARCH Project SEARCH 5/3 Bank Donations Committee Chair 2010, 2011, Auction to Benefit Project SEARCH planning
committee Teach a Child to Save Classroom Initiative United Way Donations Captain, Day of Caring Volunteer, Contributor. Kids Food
Basket Volunteer Habitat for Humanity Volunteer 5/3 River Bank Run Runner Safety Volunteer 2002 - Present Additional Information
Employee Engagement I am very passionate about employee engagement and working with teams to utilize the skill sets and assets that each
team member has to offer.