SUPERVISOR, ACCOUNTANT
Professional Summary
Motivated sales professional with 10+ years sales representative experience. Customer service and sales expert. Qualified with 10 plus years in
fast-paced customer service and call center environments. Warehouse Worker with 1 year. Machine Operator with 5 years experience reviewing
work orders and running several different machines simultaneously in a 5S environment. Experience in a warehouse pick/pack fulfillment and
distribution environment. Machine Operator with positive attitude and a commitment to safety, quality, customer service and lean manufacturing.
Skilled in exceeding sales goals and company expectations by expanding client base and maintaining high standards of customer service. Year
Experience in running a Aftermarket Radiator Company which duties included bookkeeping, working with excel, supervising a sales team to make
quality sales for our business and keeping a inventory on our parts. Very outgoing, friendly, hard worker and works well with others with a very
positive attitude.
Core Qualifications
Initiative to work independently 
Customer service Quality inspection 
Team building Excel spreadsheet 
Strong initiative Energetic work attitude
Outstanding customer service Active listening skills 
Strong communication skills Call center experience 
Strong organizational skills Strong
Organizational Skills 
Telecommunication skills Proper phone etiquette 
Opening/closing procedures Knowledgeable of quality 
Excellent
communication skills control standards 
Strong interpersonal skills
Experience
01/2002
Supervisor, Accountant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised and trained sales team.
Kept track of product inventory.
Filed documents for business.
Managed incoming and outgoing calls.
Scheduled and confirmed appointments.
Communicated with other business and customers via phone and email.
Organized inventory and parts.
Quality controlled phone calls.
Created excel spreadsheets for inventory.
Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success.
Trained new employees.
Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mail, e-mail and fax.
Generated sales and inventory reports in Excel.
Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all.
Assisted customers with store and product complaints.
Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders.
Executed outbound calls to existing customer base to increase in sales.
Generated leads for new sales through telephone and email contact with customers.
Processed merchandise returns and exchanges.
01/2002
Customer Service Rep
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Consistently recognized by management for providing superior customer service.
Created repeat business by developing long-term relationships with regular customers.
Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals.
Recognized as top sales generator, increasing sales levels.
Took daily inbound calls and key-entered orders, faxes, for customers.
Consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels.
Regularly sought opportunities to up sell and add on additional products.
Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.
Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.
Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers.
General Helper Machine Operator and Warehouse
 
State
Produced 100% quality products Shipped quality products Stored and filed company records Consistently generated additional revenue
through skilled sales techniques.
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, and prepaid debit transactions.
Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and order Trained all new New Operators on safe and
efficient handling of machines.
Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly.
Packed products to guarantee orders were shipped on-time.
Packed and assembled many different company products Supervised and trained a sales team to meet company goals Answered customer
calls Cold called customers to offer additional products or services Contacted business and offered them new services for there business
Ran most of Hero Automotive everyday business operations which included paying bills, buying supplies, ordering products,answering calls,filing, and paying bills Ran several different machines.
Changed equipment over to new product.
Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.
Inspected finished products for quality and adherence to customer specifications.
Monitored and adjusted production processes or equipment for quality and productivity.
Adhered to all applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, safety and environmental compliance.
Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using tools such as calipers, micrometers, height gauges, protractors and ring
gauges.
Started up and shut down processing equipment.
Troubleshooted problems with equipment, devices or products.
Operated shipping system efficiently and accurately.
Oversaw warehousing and storage practices and housekeeping.
Unloaded product off pallets to ship out.
Packaged and shipped product out.
Removed empty pallets with pallet jack.
Banded, wrapped, packaged and cleaned equipment.
Assembled components with hand.
Locked out and tagged out machinery to clean and fix.
Worked with several different machines.
Created load tickets for shipping.
Lubricated and wiped machines, tools and workplace to maintain safety and cleanliness.
Completed and entered quality records, scrap reports and machine logs in a timely manner.
Reviewed and verified all work was in compliance with sales orders and customer requirements.
Retrieved correct materials from product inventory to perform various fabrication duties.
Determine materials, tools and equipment needed for product orders.
Education
1997
High School Diploma
 
Scribner -Snyder 
Scribner , Ne , Dodge
Accomplishments
Â Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Skills
Automotive, business operations, calipers, Call center, closing, Strong interpersonal skills, Excellent communication, Strong communication skills,
credit, clients, customer service, Customer service, debit, e-mail, email, environmental compliance, faxes, fax, filing, inspection, inventory, Team
building, listening, machinery, materials, micrometers, excel spreadsheets, Excel, mail, Strong Organizational Skills, pallet jack, policies, processes,
Quality, receiving, safety, sales, sales reports, shipping, spreadsheet, Telecommunication, telephone, phone, phone etiquette, warehousing