HR MANAGER
Summary
Human Resources Professional with practical understanding of business needs. Areas of expertise include conflict management and employee
training. Highly effective at incorporating creative leadership skills to achieve business objectives. Directs projects that improve efficiency while
meeting deadlines and budget requirements.
Highlights
Hiring and retention
Training and development
Recruiting
Compensation/payroll
Employee relations
Personnel records maintenance
New hire orientation
Meeting planning
Workers' compensation knowledge
Labor relations
MS Office
Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills
HRIS technologies
Staff training and development
Human resources audits
HR policies and procedures expertise
Project management
Human resource laws knowledge
Appointment setting
Database management
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Manager
 
01/2012
 
to 
04/2015
Planned, directed, and coordinated human resource management activities to maximize the strategic use of human resources and maintained
functions such as workers compensation, recruitment, personnel policies, and regulatory compliance.
Key Results: New Hire Orientation, on-boarding activities and other HR functions such as offer letters, HR metrics tracking and reporting.
Set up interview scheduling for candidates and interview team.
Represented Company at all Unemployment and Worker Compensation hearings.
Monitored and implemented all Workers Compensation aspects such as, advising medical treatment, informing WC attorneys of any
updates, and monitoring any medical restrictions.
Helped implement the States "Managed Care Program" to help reduce costs for the company.
Verified and processed candidate background information.
Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants Provided current and prospective employees with information
about policies, job duties, working conditions, wages, and opportunities for promotion and employee benefits.
Performed staffing duties, including dealing with understaffing, refereeing disputes, firing employees, and administering disciplinary
procedures.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Coordinator/Assistant
 
03/2011
 
to 
11/2012
Provided a high level of support to the National Director and General Manager as well as oversaw PGA TOUR golf and charity events at
31 domestic and international locations.
Responsible for tactical and strategic Human Resource department oversight, supporting all functions and employees.
Key Results: Managed drug screen and background processes.
Processed payroll and other related employee documentation.
Assisted in executing all marketing and promotional initiatives developed by Tournament Players Clubs and PGA TOUR Brand Teams
Coordinated travel logistics for internal executives as well as interviewed candidates.
Managed budget reports and budgets, while providing weekly updates to the GM.
Wrote press releases and other PR documents for upcoming tournaments.
Maintained audits at all TPC venues to help stay in compliance with PGA TOUR standards.
Worked cohesively with all functional organizations (at all levels) to deliver expected results.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
HR Representative
 
02/2009
 
to 
03/2011
Worked with senior management to create and implement HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; and develop orientation, training
and incentive programs.
Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer HR budget; and handle HR workplace issues.
Provided high level support to senior executives.
Key Results: Implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new-
employee orientation.
Managed drug screen and background processes, as well as process and maintain immigration documentation and visa statuses Negotiated
salary offers sign-on bonuses/relocation packages annually at both the exempt and non-exempt level.
Coordinated travel logistics for internal executives as well as interview candidates.
Managed budget reports for CEO, and provided weekly updates.
Provided support as needed.
Wrote employee manual covering issues including disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA policy and benefits information.
Introduced company's first "web interview", creating a reduction in interviewing costs that was later adopted company-wide.
Revised job descriptions across all levels and categories.Shadowed" and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position.
Was involved in union contract negotiations, and helped finalize and create revised union contract.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sr. Executive Assistant
 
01/2007
 
to 
12/2008
Provided a broad range of HR functions, including recruiting and training employees, overseeing disciplinary action and managing HR
records.
Resolved conflicts between employees and management, coordinated health fairs to promote employee wellness and performed exit
interviews.
Key Results: Trained member management team on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducting workshops and one-on-one
coaching sessions that contributed to sound hiring decisions.
Scheduled meetings, conference rooms and made travel arrangements as necessary.
Oversaw calendars and scheduled appointments on behalf of the executive.
Supported high level executives, including the CEO.
Devised creative and cost-effective incentive and morale-boosting programs (including special events and a tiered awards structure) that
increased employee satisfaction and productivity.
Compiled and analyzed data from monthly reports to prepare directors' presentations to executive management.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
SR. Executive Assistant
 
02/2002
 
to 
12/2006
Provided support to Vice Presidents of both commercial and military operations.
Insured that all trade show exhibits were prepared and presented as planned; communicated outcomes of all shows to executives, and
maintained budgets for all shows.
Key Results: Prepared reports on completed shows for budget analysis, attendance profiles, and sales returns.
Facilitated the creation of any necessary graphics for flyers, registration forms, announcements, etc.
for all events and for final approval.
Coordinated trade show involvement/event planning.
Planned all travel logistics for executives and customers, both domestic and international.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Human Resource Regional Assistant
 
01/1998
 
to 
01/2002
Maintained deductions and payroll and administration of benefits, including pensions, annuities, health insurance, life insurance, and dental
insurance.
Monitored Workers' Compensation claims and coordinated work between employees and the insurance carrier as well as tracked reported
accidents.
Key Results: Maintained department schedules, HR files, and People Soft data.
Assisted supported HR policies and programs, including review and salary processes Performed all initial interviewing and back ground
screening Prepared and presented reports involving HIPPA, OSHA, FMLA, and Workers Compensation issues.
Education
3/2019
 
Notary Public
Bachelor of Arts (BA)
 
:
 
Human Resource Management
 
2016
 
UNIVERSITY OF PHEONIX
Skills
benefits, budget analysis, budgets, budget, coaching, contract negotiations, documentation, training employees, event planning, special events,
executive management, senior management, firing, forms, functional, General Manager, graphics, hiring, human resource management, Human
Resource, human resources, HR, insurance, regulatory compliance, letters, logistics, Director, managing, marketing, meetings, payroll, People Soft,
personnel, policies, presentations, press releases, PR, processes, promotion, recruiting, recruitment, reporting, sales, scheduling, sound, staffing,
strategic, travel arrangements, workshops