FINANCE PROJECT COORDINATOR
Summary
Accommodating Project Coordinator who effectively manages strict deadlines, schedules and repetitive tasks with a positive, can-do attitude.
Areas of strength include professionalism, high level organizational skills, detail oriented, multi-tasking capabilities, self-directed resourceful learner
and ability to adapt easily to change.
Highlights
Financial statement analysis
Account reconciliation expert
General ledger accounting
Strength in regulatory reporting
Self-directed
Adobe software proficiency
Effective time management
Strong organizational skills
Superior research skills
Flexible team player
Advanced computer proficiency (PC)
Accomplishments
Process Improvement
 Â 
Oversaw implementation of cash applications system which resulted in more cost-effective service.
Increased office organization with the implementation of an improved cash management and accounting system.
Research
 Â 
Investigated and analyzed operational processes to identify and resolve bottlenecks within internal operations.
Data Organization
 Â 
Improved office organization by compiling quarterly budget reports, financial spreadsheets, organizational charts and company data reports
using advanced Microsoft Excel functions for CFO and ownership.
Maintain status reports to provide management with updated information for client projects and contracted accounts.
Training
 Â 
Successfully trained Accounts Receivables & Adjudication departments on accounting software (Sage Accpac 300 ERP) and associated
databases, policies and procedures while focusing on minimizing errors and generating superior results.
Experience
Company Name
 
July 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Finance Project Coordinator
 
City
 
, 
State
Monitor regulatory activity to maintain compliance with health care records and document management laws. Implement electronic document
processing, retrieval, and distribution systems in collaboration with other information technology specialists. Check figures, postings, and
documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, and proper codes. Classify, record, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile
and keep financial records, using journals and ledgers or computers. Debit, credit, and total accounts on computer spreadsheets and databases,
using specialized accounting software.
Company Name
 
February 2012
 
to 
June 2012
 
MD Verification Division-Temp Contract Position
 
City
 
, 
State
Verification of medical prescriptions for accuracy with medical offices and pharmacists. 
Use of telephone etiquette, data entry, and daily goal-
oriented objectives.
Company Name
 
January 2011
 
to 
February 2012
 
Compound Pharmacy Technician
 
City
 
, 
State
Transfer medication from vials to the appropriate number of sterile, disposable syringes, using aseptic techniques. Receive written prescription or
refill requests and verify that information is complete and accurate. Pre-package bulk medicines, fill bottles with prescribed medications, and type
and affix labels. Mix pharmaceutical preparations, according to written prescriptions. Compound and dispense medications as prescribed by
doctors, by calculating, weighing, measuring, and mixing ingredients.
Company Name
 
March 2006
 
to 
June 2009
 
Quality Control Specialist -Compliance Coordinator
 
City
 
, 
StateReviewed and monitored mortgage loan files for completeness and accuracy. (~100 files monthly)
Helped to transition company from paper to electronic storage by scanning and logging hard copies to file.
Data entry of new and set to close file submissions.
Held quarterly update meetings on company policy & procedures.
Trained newly hired processors on databases and procedures.
Assisted with company policy and procedure manual; coordinated with FDIC representative with internal company policies associated with the
Fair Lending Act.
Education
Liberty University
 
2014
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Administration
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Minor in Biblical Studies
Deans List 
Academic Achievement Award (2013)
Coursework in Human Resources, Community and Public Health, Non-Profit Management, Strategic Planning & Management, Advanced
Computer Applications, Economics, Organizational Behavior, Marketing, and theological studies.
Skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite Applications [Windows,Word,Excel,PowerPoint,Outlook]
MS Office Cloud experience [Drive, Office 360]
Reporting - (excel based) forecasting, trending, administration.
Excellent in interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
Work with outside vendors and peers to complete projects in alignment with company financial goals.
Manage daily activities and workload of AR financial department for company Controller.
Ability to conduct monthly and quarterly meetings to discuss department goals and objectives.
Strong Organizational skills, juggling multiple tasks and handling stressful situations.
Extremely resourceful; there's always a solution to a given situation.
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Wordpress, HTML (<>