FINANCE MANAGER
Executive Profile
To work in an organization where I can put in best of my efforts, which proves to be beneficial for the organization, gives opportunities for
professional and personal growth. Looking forward to work on a long term assignments in a corporate environment, where I will get exposed to
different working conditions, there by excelling and enhancing my skills along with benefiting the organization to reach greater heights.
Professional Experience
01/2010
 
to 
01/2014
Presently working as Finance Manager at Moevenpick Hotel Sukhumvit 15 Bangkok.
Worked for Ramada Hotel and Suites Bangkok, Wyndham group 1st managed hotel in Asia as a Finance Manager.
01/2008
Finance Manager
 
01/2006
 
to 
01/2007
Deputy Manager
 
01/1980
 
to 
01/2005
 
Company Name
4 Star Hotel), Visakhapatnam, managing all the activities of Finance Department and also handled the administration.
MIS & Budgets: Preparing Management Information statements and submitting to Management.
Preparing Budgets for the coming Years.
Preparing statements and required statistical information for the Board of Directors Meeting.
Monitoring the expenses with budget, submit to the management variance report with Budget.
Monitoring the inventories, purchases.
Obtaining competitive market price on periodical basis.
Liaison with Sales and Marketing department for Average daily rate from various market segments.
Preparing Month end report and financial reports for monthly Management meeting.
Monitoring the property insurance and relevant insurance matter.
Submitting periodical statements to the Financial Institutions.
Looking after the total financial matters of the Organization.
Cash Flow control Controlling Food cost and Beverage cost.
Minimizing the expenditure and maximizing the profit without affecting the quality of service.
ACCOUNTING 
: Maintaining 
Cash, 
Bank 
Books, 
General Ledger, Journal, Sundry Creditors 
Ledger, Sundry Debtors Ledger, Stores
Purchase Journal, Cash Transactions, Subsidiary Ledgers, Preparing of Trial Balance, Profit & Loss Account.
Preparing of Balance Sheet after providing outstanding Liabilities, prepaid Expenses, etc., Preparing of Interest Schedules AUDIT:
Updating of Books of accounts and preparation of Statements for the conduct of Internal Audit and 
Statutory Audits, Audit Finalization,
Preparation of Schedules, Bank 
reconciliation Statement, preparation of Depreciation Statement, Assets Register, Preparation of Foreign
Exchange Statements for submission to Bank.
Liaising with Auditors.
TAXES: VAT, Withholding Tax: Input and Output VAT and making payment to Revenue department.
Payroll Tax: Making recovery from salaries and arranging for payment.
Income Tax: Preparing the computation Statement and making tax payments accordingly.
PERSONNEL: Social Security: Making 
recovery from employee's salary, arranging 
for 
Social Security payment.
Associates Medical insurance.
COMPUTERS: Presently working on computerized accounting system.
Computer training 
in 
DATA 
PRO 
COMPUTERS (MSDOS, LOTUS, WORDSTAR, UNIX, DBASE, Having knowledge in INFORMIX
4GL Programmes.
OTHERS: Besides 
the 
above 
work routine, I am 
also 
looking 
after 
any liaison 
work 
with 
the 
outside 
agencies, 
entrusted 
by 
the
Management.
Education
Bachelor of Commerce
 
1980
 
Andhra University
Post Graduate Diploma
 
: 
Financial Management
 
2001
 
Annamalai University
 
Financial Management Major Field of study - Accountancy Computer
Educations Diploma from Data Pro computers, Visakhapatnam. Accounting Package - Comanche, IDS, Tally 4.5, Touch Key, and Sun. MS-
OFFICE from Datapro Computers , Visakhapatnam
Personal Information
Name 
: Y.JOHN DIVAKAR Father's Name & 
: Late Y.KRUPA RAO Date of Birth 
: 09-04-1959. Nationality 
: Indian Marital Status 
: Married
Passport Number 
: J 1995772 Date of Expiry : 03-01-2021. Address for Communication : 87, Soi 12 Siam Mansion 12 D1.
Sukhumvit,Klongtoey Bangkok 10110. Hobbies 
: Reading Books and magazines, listening Music. Strengths 
: i. Good communication skills ii.
Good leadership skills & self -initiative. iii. Aptitude for learning things quickly. iv. Ability to work under pressure Salary Expected 
: Negotiable
DECLARATION I hereby affirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge. Date :
Additional Information
Personal Information Name 
: Y.JOHN DIVAKAR Father's Name & 
: Late Y.KRUPA RAO Date of Birth 
: 09-04-1959. Nationality 
:
Indian Marital Status 
: Married Passport Number 
: J 1995772 Date of Expiry : 03-01-2021. Address for Communication : 87, Soi 12 Siam
Mansion 12 D1. Sukhumvit,Klongtoey Bangkok 10110. Hobbies 
: Reading Books and magazines, listening Music. Strengths 
: i. Good
communication skills ii. Good leadership skills & self -initiative. iii. Aptitude for learning things quickly. iv. Ability to work under pressure
Salary Expected 
: Negotiable DECLARATION I hereby affirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my
knowledge. Date : 1st 
September 2015 Place : Bangkok 
Y. JOHN DIVAKAR.Skills
ACCOUNTING, Accountancy, computerized accounting, Trial Balance, Balance Sheet, Bank 
reconciliation, Budgets, Budget, Cash Flow,
competitive, Computer training, DBASE, Finance, Financial, financial reports, Foreign Exchange, General Ledger, IDS, INFORMIX 4GL,
insurance, Internal Audit, Ledger, LOTUS, managing, market, Marketing, MS-OFFICE, MIS, MSDOS, Payroll, PERSONNEL, Profit, quality,
Sales, Sun, Tax, TAXES, UNIX, WORDSTAR