INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT) SPECIALIST
Experience
Information Technology (IT) Specialist
 
January 2012
 
Company Name
IT Specialist Project Engineer
 
December 2009
 
to 
Current
 
City
 
, 
State
U.S.
Army Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC) on projects involving large and complex data networks and
telecommunications systems while assigned to the Fort Huachuca Engineering Directorate of USAISEC.
I develop, manage and coordinate the implementation of network communications, local area networks (LANs), visual information systems
(VIS), and information technology (IT) infrastructure 
projects.
As the Project Manager and Lead Engineer, I directed and managed the efforts of a five person Integrated Product Team (IPT) 
to
implement the $25 million IT infrastructure for the the new Command, Control, Communications and Computers (C4) facility for the Joint
Special Operations Command (JSOC) at Ft Bragg, NC.
Provided daily project coordination and oversaw the development of the IT technical requirements, system design plan and associated
contract documents and design drawings 
for the 35,000 sf building.
Reviewed building construction design drawings, consolidated design change input requests from the customer and team members, and
provided justification for the proposed design changes and building modifications to ensure that the IT infrastructure was installed according
to technical specifications, applicable security standards, 
and customer requirements.
requests for building design changes to the US Army Corps of Engineers (USACE).
and provided technical oversight of the project.
Represented JSOC and ISEC in project meetings with the USACE and other project stakeholders for technical requirements, project
scheduling updates, and to resolve controversial project issues.
Created the project integrated master schedule (IMS) to identify and manage resources so that all project documentation and deliverables
were developed accurately, and to ensure system reliability, operability, and maintainability.
In support of the Army Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) process, performed duties as the project coordinator for the $19 million
BRAC mandated Army Central Command (ARCENT) Headquarters relocation.
As the ARCENT relocation project leader, identified and analyzed requirements, assigned and reviewed work and exercised full control
over the planning, development, and implementation of all assigned tasks for the Integrated Product Team (IPT).
Obtained contract engineering services by developing the Acquisition Requirements Package (ARP), and participated in Source Selection
Evaluation Board (SSEB) activities.
Prepared statements of work (SOWs), procurement data packages, and evaluated contractor work performance and provided the monthly
performance report to the contracting office and weekly project status updates to ISEC management.
Provided financial and resource planning, execution, and tracking; to include manpower, temporary duty (TDY), and other acquisition
resource requirements.
Judiciously expended project resources, determined priorities and worked within resource allocation limits, fiscal law and existing policy.
Completed all required contract modifications, List of Materials (LOMs) and Major Item List of Materials (MILOMs), as well as
independent government cost estimates (IGCEs) as required.
Integrated various IT sub-systems based on system dependencies, technical adequacies, and customers' need.
Conducted technical reviews of proposed test plans and monitored the System Acceptance Testing (SAT) of all IT and VIS systems and
proposed solutions to faults identified in the SAT to ensure continuity of new and existing systems and compliance with user requirements.
Systems Integration Analyst
 
July 2009
 
to 
December 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervisor: 
Randy Devine - (520) 459-3174.
Systems Integration Analyst responsible for contract Information Technology (IT) engineering services in support of the US Army
Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC).
Developed the Facility Design Criteria (FDC), System Design Plans (SDPs), Engineering Installation Packages (EIPs), List of Materials
(LOMs) and other acquisition documentation for complex IT projects according to user requirements.
Worked with Government and sub-contractor personnel and provided guidance and oversight on project document development and
validation for the U.S.
Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) and U.S.
Army Reserve Command (USARC) BRAC relocation.
Provided engineering, procurement, installation, cutover and testing requirements for the High Frequency (HF) and Ultra High Frequency
(UHF) Radio Systems and antennas in support of a Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence / Information
Technology (C4I/IT) systems project.
Reviewed project documentation and ensured contract deliverables were complete and delivered accurately and on time as specified in the
Acquisition Requirements Package (ARP).
April 2001
 
to 
September 2009
 
Company Name
Functional Area Expert (Command and Control)Sierra Vista, Arizona Supervisor: Robert Kessler - (520) 417-0959.
Communications Engineer supporting the U.S.
Army Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC) by providing IT engineering services in the form of quick reactionengineering to Engineer, Furnish, Install, and Test (EFIT) total communications functionality at multiple Command and Control (C2)
facilities.
Provided QA / QC checks and Acceptance Testing on various projects involving C2 facility upgrades as well as Command Headquarters
relocations.
Provided IT engineering support for the US Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) headquarters relocation project, to include developing the
FDC as part of the design-build contracting process for the USACE.
Developed the SDP, LOM, cost estimates and test plans for the radio and satellite systems, copper and fiber cable plant, lightning
protection systems, grounding, bonding and shielding systems and related infrastructure for the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA)
relocation project.
Provided on-site engineering support for the voice, data, and visual information systems being installed for the United States Army South
(USARSO) Headquarters and the Installation Management Agency (IMA) at Fort Sam Houston, Texas.
Provided detailed engineering for the design and installation of Briefing and Display Facilities (BDF), Conference Rooms, Command Center
Areas, Telecommunications Rooms (TRs), and Open Office Areas.
Conducted QA / QC checks and testing for a Defense Red Switch Network (DRSN), Global Command and Control System (GCCS),
Unclassified Local Area Network (NIPRNET), Secret Local Area Network (SIPRNET), Sensitive Compartmented Local Area Network
(SCI LAN), Administrative Telephone System, and Visual Information Systems.
Assisted USAISEC Force Projection Engineering Directorate, and 1st Signal Brigade personnel in the design and installation of a C2 facility
upgrade at the 19th Theatre Support Command in South Korea.
Performed site surveys, gathered user requirements from several staff directorates and operational elements within the command and
developed an SDP, EIP and LOMs to upgrade the Global Command and Control System (GCCS) communications systems as well as the
administrative and tactical voice systems.
Provided engineering support for the development of the C2 facility for the U.S.
Army Central Command (USCENTCOM) Headquarters and foreign coalition forces in Doha, Qatar in support of Operation Iraqi
Freedom.
These efforts included various secure voice, data, and visual information systems critical to the Command Center operations.
Supervised and assisted with the routing, termination and acceptance testing of all fiber optic and Cat5 cabling, voice and data systems and
related telecommunications equipment and infrastructure.
Education
Bachelor of Science (BS)
 
: 
Information Technology
 
, 
2005
 
University of 
Phoenix
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.67
 
Information Technology GPA: 3.67
Associates of Applied Science (AAS)
 
: 
Electronic Technology
 
, 
2003
 
Cochise 
College
 
GPA: 
GPA: 4.0 Phi Theta Kappa
 
Electronic Technology
GPA: 4.0 Phi Theta Kappa
Associate
 
: 
General Studies
 
, 
2001
 
AGS Cochise College
 
GPA: 
GPA: 4.0 Phi Theta Kappa
 
General Studies GPA: 4.0 Phi Theta Kappa
Skills
Administrative, Analyst, Army, Agency, cable, cabling, Cat5, documentation, Engineer, engineering support, financial, Functional, Government,
IMS, Information Systems, Information Technology, local area networks, Local Area Network, LANs, LAN, law, Materials, meetings, Office,
Network, networks, personnel, procurement, project leader, project coordination, QA, quick, Radio, routing, SAT, scheduling, Supervisor,
surveys, Switch, System Design, Systems Integration, telecommunications, Telephone, Theatre, UHF, Ultra High Frequency, upgrades, upgrade,
validation, Vista, voice and data