DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Profile
SUMMAR Y Applying technology and workflow solutions to business challenges is exciting for me because I love to learn and apply new lessons
and approaches to support and enhance the organization to achieve its goals and mission.
Core Qualifications
C# 
Oracle SQL 
Oracle
Information Management 
SQL Server 
SQL*Plus
TFS 
SharePoint 
SharePoint Designer
Database Design 
Database Administration 
Data Management
ASP.NET 
Team Leadership 
IIS
PL/SQL 
ADO.NET 
Tactical Planning
Application Development 
Web Applications 
IT Strategy
Microsoft SQL Server 
Software Development 
Agile Methodologies
Requirements Analysis 
SDLC 
XML
Information Technology 
SQL 
Software Project Management
Project Management 
Analysis 
Business Intelligence
Leadership
Professional Experience
Director of Information Technology
 
11/2012
 
to 
08/2015
 
Company Name
Provided application and network support services for the MSBA.
The MSBA is a small quasi-public state authority who financially assists school districts in their school building projects.
My group maintains a rackspace hosted asp.net solution tied to SQL Server.
I had all the hardware and software refreshed as well as bringing the development group up to sql server, tfs, and VS 2012.
I personally rewrote their utility and security library from VB.NET to C# and added many more classes to support more static helper
functions.
I also developed an architecture based on object modeling for a middle tier.
I was the the login account administrator for the authority which utilized Santander Banking Services.
I wore many hats with my team - developer, manager, network administration and help desk.
I served as the project manager for all current projects and provided business analysis to work out business workflows for my team.
I recommended Tableau as the authority's visualization business intelligence tool.
We just started developing the infrastructure around the new business intelligence tool.
We finished bringing in DSCI for data and phone lines and we are ready to have our phone system hosted in their data center.
Team Leader
 
05/2005
 
to 
11/2012
 
Company Name
Lead clinical and research programming development and application support for applications developed by my group for the
Cardiovascular Program.
I had three teams under my leadership.
I had the CAS and later the EMERIS group and I project managed the effort to replace a number of legacy systems with modern C#
applications.
The second group maintained professional and clinical billing for the cardiology department.
The third group developed and maintained research applications for the cardiology's research department.
I was the logical Oracle DBA who puts objects into production and I maintained our central job scheduler and placed those jobs into
production as well.
Chief Information Officer
 
07/2000
 
to 
02/2005
 
Company Name
Provide network, application and help desk support for the largest agency in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, The Department of
Mental Retardation.
The agency is now called the Department of Developmental Services and at that time my network team of 5 managed the the entire state of
Massachusetts office: 30 field office and 5 state school facilities.
We upgraded to Zen 5.0 of Novell and remotely managed our desktops.
We also developed client server model applications and the electronic service delivery model which was hosted in our facility with ITD's
assistance.
Our development platform was classic asp with vb.net and the back end was sql server.
Director of Applications Development
 
02/1996
 
to 
06/2000
 
Company Name
Provided application development and support services to the Department of Youth Services.
I lead the Year 2000.
project to convert our Natural/Adabas mainframe system to a ASP web based application YSIS.
I also helped out as a.
banyan administrator to our Network Administrator.Education
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 
: 
Management Information Systems, General Delta Mu Delta
 
Suffolk University - Sawyer School of
Management
 
City
 
Management Information Systems, General Delta Mu Delta
Bachelor of Arts (BA)
 
: 
Economics
 
GPA: 
Omicron Delta Epsilon
 
Economics Omicron Delta Epsilon
Skills
.NET, asp.net, VB.NET, Adabas, ADO, Agile, Application Development, ASP, agency, Banking, banyan, billing, business analysis, Business
Intelligence, cardiology, client server, hardware, Data Management, Database Administration, Database Design, delivery, desktops, XML, help
desk support, help desk, IIS, Information Technology, IT Strategy, Leadership, Team Leadership, mainframe, C#, office, SharePoint, Natural,
Network Administrator, network administration, network support, network, Novell, object modeling, Oracle, Oracle DBA, developer, PL/SQL,
Oracle SQL, phone system, programming, Project Management, Requirements Analysis, research, SDLC, Software Development, Microsoft
SQL Server, SQL, sql server, Tableau, phone, Web Applications, Year 2000