FINANCE ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Staff Accountant proficient flexible who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. 
Adept at budget
forecasting, financial reporting and successful at managing multiple projects. Consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge
of Accounting 
Software and processes.
Highlights
Accounting operations professional 
Compliance testing knowledge
Managerial aptitude 
Account reconciliation expert
Ethical approach to finance 
Accounts receivable
General ledger accounting skills 
Accounts payable
Financial statement analysis 
Invoice coding familiarity
Analytical reasoning
Intuit Quick Books specialist
Payroll
Budget forecasting expertise
Accomplishments
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting.
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
General Ledger Accounts Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued
expenses and line of credit transactions.
Extensive experience with Financial Statements audits, reviews, compilations and audits for Governmental organizations.
Researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed.
Increased compliance for the cash management department by aiding in internal and external audits.
Experience
Finance Accountant
 
05/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Monitored new trends and technologies as they applied to audit areas for 23 funds.
Worked on collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes for 23 funds.
Managed accounting operations for a total of 28 funds, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.
Received 86 statements, to record, andÂ cash, checks, and over 16,985 vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.
Performed debit, credit and total of 196 accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.
Systematically prepared documents and assembled financial statements for independent auditors.Â 
Guided firm reconciliation, annuity funds, pension funds, annual reporting, and management of investments.
Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.Â 
Updated investment records upon funding of investments.
Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy.
Maintained accounts receivable for all 23 funds withÂ documentation electronically and on paper.
Processed 189 journal entries, 68 online transfers and 2,398 payments.
Staff Accountant
 
01/2011
 
to 
03/2012
 
Company Name
 
State
Guided firm reconciliation, payroll, annual bonus, pension funds, annual reporting, and management of investments.
Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight 
deadlines.
Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software.
Reduced time and costs and increased efficiency by introducing new accounting procedures.
Verified details of transactions, including funds received and total account balances.
Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.
Accountant
 
05/2005
 
to 
09/2010
 
Company Name
 
State
Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.
Thoroughly reviewed financial statements.
Verified details of transactions, including funds received and total account balances.
Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.
Coordinated approval processes of all accounts payable invoices.
Rectified escalated accounts payable issues from employees and vendors.
Conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances.
Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence.
Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.
Issued 5 paychecks and over 200 vendors and suppliers on a weekly basis.
Corporate Accountant
 
02/1998
 
to 
11/2004
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.
Coordinated meetings with other department managers.
Supervised and trained billing and collection staff.
Education
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Business Business Management
 
1978
 
Midwest Business College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Business Business Management
Continuing education courses focusing on the Major Changes within the Accounting Standards. Advanced Financial Accounting, Revenue
Recognition, and Specialized Industry GAAP
Skills
Account reconciliation, Accounting, accounting software, Accounts payable, Accounts receivable, accounts receivable, administrative, approach,
automation, balance sheet, bank reconciliations, billing, Budget, credit, databases, debit, documentation, due diligence, finance, Financial
Accounting, financial reports, financial statements, Financial statement analysis, forecasting, funds, general ledger, General ledger accounting,
investments, Managerial, meetings, Payroll, processes, coding, Quick Books, reporting, Revenue Recognition, spreadsheets, year-end