CUSTOMER SERVICE REP 1 LEAD QUALITY ASSURANCE COACH ACCOUNT RELATIONSHIP SPECIALIST ONLINE
BANKING
Summary
I am a career oriented individual who wishes to further my knowledge of my company, position, any cross training possibilities, and training to
progress in the company. I am a hard working ethical leader that leads by example and is never afraid to ask for clarity if I do not fully understand
something.Â  Dynamic banking professional adept at directing complex projects and leading high performance teams to complete key financial
initiatives. Talented Sales Associate with successful career history of closing sales, increasing customer satisfaction and mentoring junior sales
professionals. Skilled Sales Associate with 5-year track record of success. Maintain professional and calm demeanor under pressure. Thrive in
high volume environments where knowledge, composure and interpersonal abilities are keys to success.
Accomplishments
I was acknowledged after the first 6 months by the Board of Directors as a Pillar of Success for the company in Account Retention and New
Account Acquisition. 
During the first 6 months I was shown to compile 50.4% of the work load for the Outbound team of 5 members.
Experience
Customer Service Rep 1 Lead, Quality Assurance Coach, Account Relationship Specialist, Online Banking Rep II
 
June 2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
I started out as a Customer Service Rep 3 and worked my way to a rep 2, and then a Rep 1 before we changed the Rep system to a 1234.
When doing this we answered customer calls in regards to account balances, transaction review, disputes, wire transfers, statement request,
Online banking issues, Western Unions, ETC.
I went to a position in QCD for approximately 3 months.
Where we revamped QA and turned it into QCD Quality Coaching and Development.
We each had our own teams that were made of multiple Supervisors and their employees.
Reviewed calls for performance and compliance to procedures.
Met with each person on my team monthly and reviewed and coached the agents on calls and met with each Supervisor on each of their
employees.
After a short leave of absence I came back and started as a rep 3 and moved to a rep 4 and then to a Lead position.
Where I had to answer Lead and Supervisor calls, as well as manage the floor for my Supervisor.
I then moved to the Outbound team where I was there in the beginning of the team development.
This was a Pilot program that exceeded the expectations and was opened as a division after the first 3 months instead of the 6 month
allocated for development.
We started the division and created the procedures, as we went along.
This was a Sales position in which we contacted customers with new accounts to ensure they are welcomed to the family, as well as to fulfill
their individual financial needs.
After the first 6 months I was acknowledged by the Board of Directors as a Pillar of Success for the company in Account Retention and
New Account Acquisition.
During the first 6 months I was shown to compile 50.4% of the work load for the Outbound team of 5 members.
I continued to Lead the team in sales for the first implementation of new hires and stayed a top performer until I left the department.
I then went to the Online Team as a Rep II.
I currently provide a first line of support for the Online manager.
I monitor the floor to maintain order and answer any questions if I am the designated Rep II for the day.
Run credit cards for account funding, assist in account openings if needed, communicate effectively with the agents on the floor and any
other interdepartmental interactions, review and log all mailings outgoing, send account denials, review and log the incoming documents,
assist with tasks should they get behind, handle and log Supervisor chats, assist occasionally in training of employees.
I have assisted in 
completing QA for account opening procedures.
Front Desk/ Fitness Advisor/ General Manager/ Operations Manager/ Regional Sales Manager
 
January 2007
 
to 
June 2010
 
Company Name
I started as a Front desk staff at $6.00 an /hr for the first week.
I was then moved to a Fitness Advisor which is front line sales.
I worked this job for approximately 2 months before I was promoted to Sales Manager.
After weekly Sales meeting in which I provided the agenda for approximately 3 months.
I was then moved to another club and asked to work managing them both.
Working between 60 and 80 hours a week.
I worked corporate deals with Armed Forces Bank (my current employer), KU for student gym access, 
Armed Forces Insurance, USD
453, USD 207, Douglas County Municipality, Leavenworth Municipality.
Assisted in training Sales, and Operational Staff.
Created Spreadsheets for scheduling, inventory, training, and corporate meetings.
Worked in the Circle of Influence to maintain corporate partnerships, and well as networking for new corporate partnerships in the
community.
Built client relationships by acting as the liaison between the customer service and sales teams.
Consistently exceeded monthly sales quotas by more than 25% by pursuing leads and expanding the prospect list.
Exceeded team sales goals by 25% in , generating $168,000 monthly in residual revenue over the course of my 3 years and 6 months.
Created sales contacts with on- and off-premise accounts.
Acquired $7.86 million in sales revenue in 36 months.
The clubs sold for $27.8 million a piece 3 months after I left with a total of 6 clubs.Developed competitive comparison tables of Fitness Memberships, Personal Training pricing, fees, ratings, category and product
performance to use for account sales calls.
Oversaw sales forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.
Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Topeka locations.
Led sales forecasting, market trend evaluation and segment strategies.
Presented innovative digital media marketing presentations to executive decision makers.
December 2002
 
to 
December 2006
 
Company Name
I was a basic cannon crew member, and moved through the many jobs in thecrew.
I was the RTO Radio Transmission Operator, Gunner, Loader, and Advance Party.
I moved through the ranks and reached Sergant in 2 yrs and 3 months.
I was trained as a Combat Life Saver, Eagle First Responder (Medical Courses), As well as Air Assault Certified.
I completed one tour of Iraq during Iraqui Freedom in which I turned 18 yrs old in IRAQ.
Education
Certificate
 
: 
Professional Sales
 
, 
2008
 
Professional Sales 1
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Certificate
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
2013
 
San Joaquin Valley Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
Armed Forces, Banking,Quality Coaching, competitive, credit, Customer Service, financial, goal setting, inventory, team development, managing,
market trend, marketing, meetings, networking, presentations, pricing, QA, Radio, reporting, Sales, sales forecasting, Sales Manager, scheduling,
Spreadsheets, Supervisor