VOLUNTEER HR -IVOLUNTEER
Summary
Sponsorship not required to work in the US A successful Human Resources Professional, with a Masters qualification in Human Resources and
experience in a challenging environment Key skill sets include Recruitment - Recruitment efforts, scheduling, posting positions, follow up and offer
letters. Seasoned executive with 10 + years Staffing, Technology Recruiting and Staffing experience with a highly successful track record at big
firms such as Nokia and also Small-Midsized & Start-up IT services firms. Extensive hands-on experience in recruiting IT talent in the US and
India marketplace and driving talent acquisition with sourcing teams. Besides corporate sector, have also been engaged with Non-profit sector in
the same role for a while. Key Strength/ Experience include: Extensive experience with high-volume recruiting responsibilities within start-ups and
corporate environments. Partnering with hiring managers to understand the skills and background requirements for each opportunity and provide
expert advice and coaching to hiring managers throughout the recruitment process. Conduct employment advertising campaigns and programs by
developing and managing a network of recruitment and referral resources including but not limited to networking with schools, colleges, minority
organizations, state employment services, other employers and professional associations. Participate in recruitment, interview and selection of
candidates for all levels of position openings and promote a work environment that openly embraces individuals with diverse backgrounds and
experiences. Source, screen, evaluate and select candidates through a structured recruitment process designed to obtain the best candidates.
Inform applicants of job duties and responsibilities, compensation and benefits, work schedules and working conditions, company policies,
promotional opportunities and other related information. Utilize knowledge of multiple recruiting sources such as Dice, Monster, Hot jobs, 3rd
party vendors, Independent consultants and execute various recruiting strategies. Generate qualified candidates through cost-effective efforts (i.e.,
alternative sourcing). Utilize a resume database for sourcing and tracking of all candidates. Proficiency with employment interviewing techniques
and applicant appraisal. Demonstrated oral presentation and written communication skills. Excellent relationship management skills to develop
successful networks within senior management, staffing teams and HR Partners. Ability to handle volume recruiting in a fast paced, (un) structured
environment, adhering to strict deadlines. Extensively worked on Taleo tool. Dynamic and result-oriented individual with years of technical
recruiting experience, focused in the placement of Software Engineers/Architects (Distributed and Mainframe), Database
Architects/Developers/Administrators, Network/System/Security Engineers, Web Developers, Quality Assurance/Test Engineers, Technical
Program/Product/Project Managers, Development Managers, and Business Analysts. Possess strong technical/business acumen and understanding
of technical requirements; deep sourcing skills and experience sourcing passive candidates; excellent candidate assessment skills. Possess excellent
knowledge of recruiting and hiring processes including sourcing, interviewing, reference checking, tracking, salary negotiations, and closing. A
resourceful, solution-focused professional with excellent interpersonal and rapport-building skills. Responsible, loyal, reliable, and independent
worker with high level of enthusiasm and creativity. Self-motivated professional who achieves results and has superior ability to coordinate and
perform several projects simultaneously Placed high-end technical professionals in the area of Information Technology Industry in contract and full-
time positions. Specialized in Software Engineers/Architects (Distributed and Mainframe), Database Architects/Developers/Administrators,
Network/System/Security Engineers, Web Developers, Quality Assurance/Test Engineers, Technical Program/Product/Project Managers,
Development Managers, and Business Analysts.
Highlights
Experience
Volunteer HR -iVolunteer
 
, 
06/2009
 
ï¼​ 
10/2015
Job Profiling - From key job requirements to job postings Provide support for recruitment activities.
Researched job boards and resume database to search right skilled candidates.
Candidate Suitability analysis for job requirements based on candidate motive and Contacting candidates and scheduled interviews.
Monitored job contracts and agreements to be renewed.
Conducted reference checks and provided the same information to recruiters.
Developed global recruiting presentations for International HR teams.
As a Non-Profit sector recruitment, matching unique job requirements with candidate fitment becomes an important aspect in this role.
The responsibility covers not just finding the right skill set for the job but also includes trying to do candidate behavioral fitment to the job
requirements.
The unique requirements are from different walks of life spanning across a broad range of functional areas.
Technical Recruiter
 
, 
01/2007
 
ï¼​ 
01/2008
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsibilities.
Technical Recruiter
 
, 
03/2006
 
ï¼​ 
01/2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Effectively recruited candidates through Internet research, internal database, cold calling, referrals, networking, job fairs, and other
strategies.
Responsible for checking references, negotiating terms and rates for each project, coordinating the interview process, extending offers, and
closing candidates.
Performed extensive recruiting for Senior Software/Database Developers with heavy focus on technologies such as: C/C++, (Windows &
UNIX/Linux), .NET, Java/J2EE, SQL Server, and Oracle.
Consistently # 1 revenue generator (gross margin $ as well as professional placement fee $) for the branch, month after month, and always
ranked in the Top 10 Recruiters within the region each month.
Responsible for mentoring and providing on-going training and support for new recruiters and serve as a resource for learning and navigating
senior technical policies and procedures.
Responsible for Full Life-Cycle recruiting including networking, screening and interviewing candidates, negotiating rates and closing.
The responsibility includes covering a vast skill set varying from Java, Microsoft technologies, Oracle, SAP, Quality testing, Engineering
(software, chemical, mechanical).Also have worked *on Informatica, data modeling and other data warehousing skills that are available in market.
Sourced extremely talented candidates under high pressure and short time durations for the client requirements.
Managed all the logistics related to candidate placement, monitor their hours of work and client feed back on a regular basis.
Experience recruiting technical professionals across various levels and technologies Experienced in recruiting for a variety of technical skill
sets and various functional roles in an IT organization.
Strong knowledge of sourcing techniques including Internet recruiting, direct sourcing, networking, proprietary targeted search, candidate-
to-client matching.
Extremely proficient in requirement analysis and communicating it to the potential candidates.
Experience with recruiting information/applicant tracking systems.
Able to multi-task and work in a fast paced environment.
Senior Executive
 
, 
06/2002
 
ï¼​ 
06/2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Mitra Technology Foundation is an organization working in development sector, which aims at leveraging Information and Communications
Technology for this sector.
The company in collaboration with different organizations runs recruitment programs to provide required skills at the right places.
One such flagship program being run by the organization is "I-volunteer" to map job volunteering opportunities in India and other developing
countries across the world with the right skill set.
As HR, the job's main thrust areas were Recruitment and Induction.
Besides this I was also involved in internal employee communication activities related to HR Policies.
The main job activities were Recruitment Scheduling, posting positions Screen/ Initial interview qualified candidates Coordinate interviewing
teams and schedule Induction New hire paperwork, and process new hires for integration into organizational functions and systems I had
been working on different requirements like medical, teaching, technical and other skills.
As the company used to outsource all kinds of skills who were ready to work in this sector, the job included covering not just technology
space opening, but also opening in non-technical streams.
Other Internal Communications with employees regarding the company policies Liaison for staff on all personnel related matters to
appropriate parties (accounting department/payroll, benefit providers, etc.) Participate and contribute to a variety of other HR projects and
tasks 5.
Education
2002
 
Initial Screening - Screen/interview qualified candidates through efficient and cost effective 
methods. Induction - New hire paperwork, and
process new hires for integration into organizational functions and systems, including facilitation of new employee orientation Internal
Communications. ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS Year Degree University Specialization
Balaji Institute of Modern Management
 
ï¼​ 
India PM
 
Post Graduate Diploma
 
Management
 
Management
2002
 
Symbiosis Law College
 
ï¼​ 
India MLL
 
Masters
 
Labor Laws and Labor Welfare
 
Labor Laws and Labor Welfare
2000
 
Bachelor of Commerce 
H. P. State University
 
ï¼​ 
India
 
Bachelor
 
Commerce
 
Commerce
Skills
.NET, ACADEMIC, accounting, aims, C, C++, closing, cold calling, contracts, client, data modeling, Database, data warehousing, fast, focus,
functional, HR, Informatica, J2EE, Java, Linux, logistics, market, mechanical, mentoring, Microsoft technologies, Windows, negotiating,
networking, Internet research, Oracle, organizational, payroll, personnel, Policies, presentations, Profit, Quality, Recruitment, recruiting,
requirement, SAP, Scheduling, SQL Server, teaching, unique, UNIX