SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
Professional Summary
Senior accountant who completes accounting activities with accuracy and speed with extensive experience in full life cycle of general ledger
accounting
Skills
Aderant/CMS
Excel
QuickBooks Pro
SQL
AccessÂ 
Peachtree
Hyperion
Financial reporting
US GAAP principles
IFRS
Bookkeeping
Budget development
Individual tax returns
Essbase
Work History
Senior Accountant 
Mar 2006
 
- 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Reconcile various balance sheet accounts not limited to cash and liability accounts, including bank statements, for the purpose of maintaining
the accuracy of the general ledger in accordance with cash, GAAP, and various international tax legislative basis.
Perform the primary liaison function for the interim and annual audits performed by Deloitte.Â 
Perform assigned schedules for interim and annual audits.Â 
Assist auditors with understanding of firm's internal controls which include revenue and expenditure cycle. 
Â 
Review and analyze journal entries from the original accounting source and if a variance from the general ledger is found, initiate discussions
with specialists in accounts receivable, accounts payable, payroll, and tax department to resolve the discrepancy.
Review and analyze international payrolls inÂ aspect of income tax, local tax, consumption tax, and fringe benefit deductions for Seoul,
Shanghai, and Tokyo office and upload into Aderant/CMS for posting into the general ledger.
Analyze and reconcileÂ value added tax for Vienna and Seoul office
Resolve currency fluctuation issues and record gains/losses related to currency exchange rates for the international offices of the firm by
using currency mode journal entries.
Analyze expatriate expenditures on monthly basis to be reported on W-2 form.
Prepare initial K-1 schedules to be filed by tax department
Prepare month-end various accrual journal entries including base wage, bonus, occupancy, prepaid property insurance, telecommunications,
and catering accruals.
Prepare and analyze expense allocations from firm general to local offices on a monthly basis.
Review and analyze inter-company transactions for Seoul, Shanghai, Tokyo, and Vienna office
Prepare monthly financial statements, which are shared with the partners and management of the firm.
Assist in translation of various fixed asset invoices from Seoul and Tokyo office and other Asian offices' travel expense reports.
Notable accomplishments: Found material misstatement in prepaid property insurance for the first quarter of '08 and made prospective
adjustments to the related general ledger accounts.
Provided clarity in Japanese payroll systems associated with health, welfare, and childcare allowance to the management and made
prospective adjustments to the related general ledger accounts.
Accountant
 
Jan 2005
 
- 
Mar 2006
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Maintain financial records in accordance with GAAP to be reported to a parent company and investors.
Analyze & reconcile G/L accounts and prepare semi-annual, and end year B/S, I/S, and statement of cash flows Coordinate with
warehouse manager to ensure daily shipping schedules.
Communicate with outside company's designated CPAs when tax issues arise.
Establish master employee payroll record file for information entry into payroll system.
Receive & compute hours, make deductions for 401K, health insurance, and other adjustments thru Paychex Prepare loan applications and
maintain factoring arrangements with A/R schedule.
Assist in training, guidance and coordination of accounts payable, accounts receivable, and other departments and site personnel.
Performed semi-annual inventory valuation.
Financial Analyst
 
Aug 2002
 
- 
Jan 2005
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Manage and forecast funds for Palm Desert National Bank sponsored 350 ATM terminals averaging 2.5 million on a weekly basis.
Reconcile & settle, and act as lead accountant for Innobeta Systems, Inc., (affiliate of Money Marketing, Inc.).
Prepare monthly Profit and Loss reports as to surcharge and interchange.
Analyze communication and armor carrier expenses as a temporary M&A team member during due diligence procedure of ATM World
Corp.
Analyze processing costs and network fees in terms of EFTs.
Prepare audit work papers, confirmations and other documentation to make the audit efficient and hold on audit fees in connection with
annual audit.Perform analysis of general ledger accounts; prepared journal entries and adjustments to facilitate closings.
Assist in the preparation of full financial statements and footnotes for investors and lenders.
Review work of staff and operations to assure that certain daily procedures and reconciliations were performed routinely according to
policies and procedures.
Translate and prepare documents pertaining to defective parts of ComNet ATM Series assembled and distributed by Nextran Industries, a
subsidiary company of Chungho ComNet Co., Ltd.
Consult private investors and customer services.
Education
Bachelor of Business Administration
 
: 
Accounting
 
August 2002
 
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounting Audit Project: "Identifying potential risks that would impact the audit of Xerox Corp." Select Courses: Advance Accounting,
Accounting Information System, Auditing & Assurance Services, Taxation
Interests
World travel/Photography/Golf/Soccer/Movie/Fashion
Certifications
Certified Public Accountant, New York State, Date 
of issued: 03/04/2015, License number: 117205
Additional Information
Activities: Vice President, APS (Accounting Professional Society) at Temple University, 2001 - 2002