HEALTHCARE
Executive Profile
Cynthia was also an instructor for the Cap Gemini Ernst & Young Global Regulatory Compliance Boot Camp where members of the CGE&Y
Regulatory Compliance Team are immersed in global regulatory compliance, Good Manufacturing Practices, Good Clinical Practices, Good
Laboratory Practices, CGE&Y validation tools and methodology. 
Working with the international workforce of CGE&Y, Cynthia was required to
be flexible, sensitive and creative in her methods of teaching 
Cynthia's nursing career focus was in Pain Management, Emergency Nursing, Legal
Nurse Consulting and Life Care Planning. She has traveled extensively throughout the U. S. and worldwide as a Health Care and Life Sciences
Consultant for G Major Consulting, Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, Accenture, and Ness Technologies. 
While working in clinical nursing, Cynthia
worked in acute, home care and long term care arenas. As a Case Manager and Life Care Planner Cynthia was an adjunct instructor for the
University of Florida Rehabilitation Training Institute and authored and taught Life Care Planning and Aging in the Catastrophically Injured. As a
Project manager for several Global Regulatory Compliance/Life Sciences teams, Glidewell has a strong background in communication skills. 
Her
ability to work with people from various ethnic, cultural, and educational backgrounds has been key in her success as a Regulatory Compliance/
Validation Systems manager. 
She has frequently been instrumental in the establishment and training of off shore call center personnel for specific
projects in 
IT support situations. 
Her experience has given her in depth insight to the cultural nuances of different populations ranging from India to
the elderly. 
Her writing background includes authoring a "Life Care Planning in the Catastrophically Injured Aging" for the University of Florida
Rehabilitation Training Institute, Adverse Events Reporting for RN's for Abbott Laboratories, and numerous other educational materials for diverse
audiences. 
She has been guest lecturer at numerous national conferences and events on subjects including Forensic Medicine, Nursing and Life
Care Planning, Fitness and Aging, AIDS, Travel, and Real Estate.
Core Accomplishments
With the unique combination of working 
as a consultant in both the business and clinical areas of health care, Cynthia has worked tirelessly
to achieve the highest levels of client satisfaction and outcomes through comprehensive client care, team development, educational training
and delivery and telemedicine support programs.
As a consultant for HELP Pain Medical Network, Cynthia developed and implemented their Remote Care Services Program.
Not only did this require the development and roll out of the program but also the development and delivery of the training across the
interdisciplinary providers.
This program utilized in conjunction with the HELP Interdisciplinary Pain Rehabilitation Program (IPRP) fostered individual empowerment
and independence by teaching and reinforcing principals 
learned in the IPRP.
As a result in the Remote Care Services, clients were able to reduce and manage pain, reduce dependence on pain medication, increase
their overall health perception and prevent relapse.
Cynthia's work with HELP focused primarily on Workers Compensation clients.
She worked extensively in the coordination of multiple carriers, applicant attorneys, patients and primary care providers to achieve positive
outcomes for both the patient and the carrier.
As Vice President of Operations for HELP, Cynthia continued to work with physicians and other providers, patients and carriers to develop
an IT infrastructure to efficiently navigate the rapidly changing California Workers Compensation revisions.
Professional Experience
Healthcare
 
May 2001
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Worked with major health care payers to develop their strategy and insure compliance with the Medicare Modernization Act.
Managed and monitored state, Medicaid, Medicare and JCAHO standards and compliance for pharmaceutical infusion company, including
application and adherence to GCP's, GLP's and GMP's in clean rooms and mixing rooms.
Researched and aided in procurement of contracts with companies, hospice, home health companies and employer groups in accordance
with state, federal, and insurance regulatory guidelines.
Implemented new business process for monitoring billing, payer requirements and field compliance.
Analyzed, designed and reorganized customer care call center for large Medicaid/Medicare HMO 
resulting in shorter hold times, fewer
dropped and misdirected calls and more efficient triage between lay care coordinator and nurse liaison.
Responsible for development of knowledge transfer methodology in health care call center to insure ongoing and consistent patient survey
and assessment.
Developed tools and decision tree to aid in patient assessment and triage Acted as clinical SME in Patient Care Coordination and Reporting
System design and development.
Developed, designed and implemented health care service provider facility audits in compliance with state and federal guidelines for large
Medicaid/Medicare HMO.
Designed, developed and implemented computerized data collection program for international post acute and long term care provider
network.
Strategic planning of large clinic occupational medicine department.
Managed sales and clinical staff, tracked activity, analyzed results and revised sales plans as necessary.
Responsible for customer satisfaction survey collection and analysis for care management company.
Productivity analysis, budgeting, cost projection, product evaluation and new product development for large post acute care provider.
Developed and implemented new marketing strategies including trade show presentations and guest lecturer engagements Created, edited
and produced an educational tutorial computer manual for in house use and educational material for client and family teaching.
Interface with the legal community and the court system, the insurance industry, employer groups, clients and physicians.
Evaluate, analyze and render informed opinions on the delivery of health care and the resulting outcomes.
Provide support in medically related litigation and other medical-legal matters in the following areas: personal injury; product liability; medical
malpractice; toxic torts; workers' compensation; risk management; medical licensure investigation, and other applicable cases.Provide employer consultation on job modification, reasonable accommodation and ADA compliance.
Life Sciences Planning, Design, and Implementation of corporate quality systems for multinational Pharmaceutical companies as directed by
federal regulations.
Validation Project Manager for multinational pharmaceutical company validation effort.
Strategic plan included the implementation and validation of a system spanning 63 sites in 23 countries.
Project included assessment, design and delivery of a validated system meeting the regulatory guidelines of the FDA, EMEA, ICH, and
other local authorities.
Research, development and delivery of manual and training program in pharmacoviligence and safety reporting.
Design and development of the Global Regulatory Compliance Team within Cap Gemini Ernst & Young.
This team is comprised of trained specialist focused on the issues of regulatory compliance and system validation within the pharmaceutical
industry.
Instructor Cap Gemini 
Ernst & Young Global Regulatory Compliance Boot Camp where members of the CGE&Y Regulatory Compliance
Team are immersed in global regulatory compliance, Good Manufacturing Practices, Good Clinical Practices, Good Laboratory Practices,
CGE&Y validation tools and methodology.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Nursing
 
Western Governors University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Nursing
Bachelor of Science
 
John Brown University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Dean's List
 
Dean's List
Certificate in the Post-Graduate Course of Study, Life Care Planning for Advanced Catastrophic Case Management
 
The University of Florida
 
ï¼​
City
 
, 
State
Associates Degree
 
: 
Nursing
 
University of Arkansas
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Nursing
Publications
The Country, Its Culture, Its Children, Eastern European Lecture Series, University of Arkansas, Fort Smith, Fort Smith, AR, 
Fall 1998 One of
Our Own, AIDS in The Work Place, Advinet, Inc., Fort Smith, AR, Spring 1993 Not In My Club, AIDS In the Volunteer Work Force, Boys
and Girls Clubs of America Regional Conference, November, 1992, Little Rock, AR One of Our Own,AIDS in the Work Place Fort Smith
Public School System, Fort Smith, Arkansas, Spring 1991 One of Our Own,AIDS in the Work Place Alma Public School System, Alma,
Arkansas, Spring 1991 Early Detection: The Cure for Beast Cancer, Women's Health Care Series, American Cancer Society, presented in
multiple locations, 1991 Worker's Compensation and Managed Care, River Cities Occupational Health Professionals Workshop, Fort Smith, AR,
Fall 1990 Stress in the Work Place, Fort Smith Board of Realtors, Fort Smith, AR, December, 1989
Skills
ADA, billing, budgeting, business process, call center, consultation, contracts, client, clients, customer satisfaction, customer care, data collection,
delivery, Forms, GCP, GLP, GMP, Instructor, insurance, lecturer, legal, litigation, Managing, marketing strategies, network, new product
development, Next, presentations, procurement, quality, reporting, Research, risk management, safety, sales, strategy, Strategic, Strategic
planning, System design, teaching, Validation
Professional Affiliations
Certified Disability Analyst and Fellow (ABDA #3718-97) American Board of Disability Analyst Fellow American Board of Forensic Examiners
American Board of Forensic Nurses