GROUP FITNESS COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
Highly motivated, wellness professional seeking an opportunity to advance my career with a position providing the community with programs and
services to further their knowledge and involvement in wellness activities. Ability to design, develop, implement, and evaluate health and wellness
programs Strong interpersonal skills with experience in educating members and community about health related topics Innovative in designing and
carrying out projects 
Advanced understanding and experience with the wellness industry Maintain high level of organizational, communication and
service oriented skills Basic understanding of fitness testing and evaluation concepts
Professional Experience
Group Fitness Coordinator
 
05/2012
 
to 
10/2015
 
Company Name
Directed and supervised the Group Fitness Program which included staffing and evaluation of 30+ instructors.
Developed educational seminars for active adults and members, providing wellness and health information.
Developed health education events, incentive programs, and seminars for all employees.
Responsible for P&L for the Group Fitness Program.
Developed and ran annual community support campaign to bring in $10,000+ per year to department.
Devised and implemented progressive and individualized exercise recommendations and programs.
Created and successfully held monthly healthy lifestyle events/ presentations.
Marketed the group fitness classes to members as well as all fitness related events.
Private Childcare Provider
 
11/2011
 
to 
Current
 
City
 
, 
State
Created and carried out daily schedules that meet the physical and emotional needs of children.
Met with parents on a weekly basis to discuss the week's plans, as well as any disciplinary problems.
Scheduled activities to ensure proper development of social interaction with others as well as personal development.
Effectively handled interventions between children when disagreements arise.
Fitness Instructor
 
08/2011
 
to 
Current
YMCA of the Suncoast, Highland Recreation Complex 
Responsibilities Developed, organized, and maintained fitness classes for members
in an effective, efficient, and professional manner through personal recognition, relationship building, and safe execution.
Advised members on items related to fitness, exercise principles, and wellness.
Kept and maintained up-to-date trends in the fitness industry.
Encouraged members to reach their fitness and wellness goals.
Education and Training
Bachelor's Degree
 
: 
Psychology/ Government
 
December 2011
 
University of Tampa
 
Psychology/ Government Healthy Lifestyle Principles
Foundations of Strength and Conditioning 
CPR, First Aid, AED Les Mills Bodypump Guardian ad Litem volunteer and advocacy training
Skills
ad, CPR, First Aid, Guardian, health education, presentations, relationship building, seminars, staffing