SURGICAL CLINICAL REVIEWER
Summary
A self-motivated and organized professional with over 20 years' experience providing thorough and skillful support.
More than 10 years' management experience in organizational leadership and relationship building with clients and team members.
Administrative experience in diverse business settings. Extensive international experience, with a deep understanding of diverse cultural and
business practices, professional international liaison.
Excellent writing skills, and the ability to find innovative solutions. A patient listener who fully focuses on speakers and understands a variety
of accents.
A flexible professional who enjoys learning new skills and quickly adapts to organizational changes.
An energetic team leader, able to communicate effectively with people of all ages and backgrounds, to work collaboratively to resolve
problems, and to motivate team members to achieve personal and organizational objectives. Self-starter with strong communication skills;
work well independently or on a team.
Skilled clinical researcher and administrator; hold a BS Degree in Health Information Management and currently enrolled in an MBA
Degree.
Highlights
Management skills: administered, coordinated, delegated, evaluated, prioritized, performed trouble shooting, HR duties, Manage PTO, payroll,
interview, hire and train new personnel, team goals Research skills: collected, extracted, organized, interpreted, summarized, audited
Communication skills: corresponded, professional telephone etiquette, excellent customer service, Bilingual interpreted translated English/Spanish
Detail skills: catalogues, multi-tasked, set goals, skilled typist, working knowledge of computer soft wares Creative skills: customized, integrated,
established, marketing Clerical skills: compiled, monitored, generated, implemented
Experience
01/2011
 
to 
01/2014
Surgical Clinical Reviewer
 
Company Name
 
Collected and submitted reliable data to the ACS NSQIP for surgical patients, provided morbidity
and mortality postop reporting, generated lists of cases to be abstracted, and completed abstraction of applicable cases by entering data into the
appropriate database (NSQIP). Participated in inter-rater reliability reviews to ensure accuracy of abstraction, validation and audits, followed up
on appeals as necessary, and participate in conference calls and webinars.
01/2008
 
to 
01/2010
Field Reviewer/Auditor
 
Company Name
 
Provided support for the 2009 and 2010 HEDIS project including Physician Grading, (payment integrity
audit), Reporting, Medical Record Abstraction, Quality Improvement, and data analysis, provided feedback reporting to HEDIS, NCQA and
other governing and regulatory agencies.
01/2004
 
to 
01/2008
Healthcare Business Consultant
 
Company Name
 
Provided quality assurance reviews specializing in outpatient centers along with business
development strategies. Reviewed charts to ensure correct coding for the services billed. Conducted mock surveys of facilities, and kept up to
date with policies and procedures. Developed training schedules and job descriptions for staff and conducted performance evaluations. Handled
payroll, billing issues, and physician contract credentialing. Hired and terminated staff as necessary. Provided findings to both Medicare and
facilities for reconciliation, as well as, resolved claim issues with physician offices to collect outstanding monies.
01/2002
 
to 
01/2004
Health Information Manager
 
Company Name
 
Oversaw all Health Information Management work flow in department, including performance of
employees, training, and orientation of new staff, in-service of current employees, payroll submission, and medical record completion per JCAHO
guide. Participated in JCAHO, HEDIS, ACHA and Tumor Registry reviews committee. Responsible for Utilization and Records Committees,
Medical Records Abstract, in house clinical pertinence, closed chart review, 3M Encoder knowledge, and managed staffing levels in accordance
to departmental needs.
Education
2015
Paralegal
 
Blackstone Institute
 
Blackstone Institute - Paralegal course currently enrolled 2015, expected completion June 2015
2015
MBA
 
: 
Public
 
Northcentral University
 
Northcentral University - MBA Public currently enrolled 2014 - 2015
Certificate of Completion
 
: 
Surgical Clinical Reviewer
 
ACS NSQIP Certificate of Completion Surgical Clinical Reviewer October 2012
BS
 
: 
Health Information Management
 
Florida International University
 
Florida International University - BS Health Information Management - Dec
1999
AA
 
: 
Psychology
 
Miami Dade Community College
 
Miami Dade Community College - AA Psychology - May 1999
Certifications
ACS NSQIP Certificate of Completion Surgical Clinical Reviewer
Languages
customer service, Bilingual interpreted translated English/Spanish
Presentations
Collected and submitted reliable data to the ACS NSQIP for surgical patients, provided morbidity and mortality postop reporting, generated lists
of cases to be abstracted, and completed abstraction of applicable cases by entering data into the appropriate database (NSQIP). Participated in
inter-rater reliability reviews to ensure accuracy of abstraction, validation and audits, followed up on appeals as necessary, and participate in
conference calls and webinars
Skills
Payroll, Training, Hedis, Audits, Cases, Database, Billing, Business Consultant, Business Development, Coding, Healthcare, Medicare, Outpatient,
Quality Assurance, Reconciliation, Audit, Data Analysis, Marketing Analysis, Encoder, Medical Records, Staffing, Work Flow, Mba, Clerical,Clients, Customer Service, Energetic, Etiquette, Excellent Writing, Excellent Writing Skills, Hr, Liaison, Marketing, Pto, Receptionist, Relationship
Building, Retail Sales, Self Motivated, Self-starter, Solutions, Strong Communication Skills, Telephone, Translated, Writing Skills, Paralegal