IMPACT
Highlights
Level-headed under pressure *65 wpm *Microsoft Office efficient *Kind
Experience
Impact
 
October 2014
 
to 
February 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.
Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.
Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store.
Assisted customers with store and product complaints.
Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved customer complaints.
Recommended, selected and helped locate merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner.
Stocked and rotated inventory regularly.
Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.
Replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom to ensure product availability for customers.
Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.
Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store while also keeping the showroom clean and maintained neat and
orderly product displays.
Retrieved alternate items and sizes on request.
Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving appropriate feedback.
Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and immediately assisting each customer.
Healthcare Specialist/Combat Medic
 
March 2013
 
to 
December 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided life support services during medical emergencies on scene and en route to the hospital.
Maintained a state of readiness and alertness for all assignments.
Collected pertinent information from the patient, family and friends, medical records and prescriptions.
Rapidly assessed whether life threatening criteria was present and took immediate action.
Initiated plans of care based on patient assessments.
Completed all mandatory education and training classes.
Interacted with patients, families, hospital staff and the general public.
Evaluated patient care procedural changes for effectiveness.
Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge of applicable state and Federal laws and regulations.
Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.
Frequently commended for maintaining the safety, respect and dignity of residents.
Provided treatment within scope of practice as defined by state law.
Coordinated with doctors and registered nurses to develop care plans for patients.
Recorded patients' medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.
Patrolled areas and allowed restricted area access for authorized personnel.
Ensured proper care for victims of domestic violence who presented to urgent care clinic.
Educated patients about their treatments.
Instructed patients and family members on proper discharge care.
Tested patients' blood glucose levels.
Evaluated terrain and recorded topographical information.
Crew Member
 
February 2015
 
to 
April 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Greeted all customers, recorded correct orders and performed cashiering duties including organizing register supplies.
Effectively handled customer complaints and special requests, assessed customer needs and responded to questions, and worked with
customer to resolve issues.
Provided prompt, efficient, friendly, and quality service at all times.
Accurately balanced cash register at all times.
Cleaned restrooms, including scrubbing sinks, toilets, counter-tops and mirrors.
Uncased new merchandise.
Maintained a positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.
Cleaned and straightened work area.
Gathered and emptied trash and replaced liners
Greeted all customers, recorded correct orders and performed cashiering duties.
Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.
Hostess
 January 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted co-workers in serving customers
Cleaned bars, work areas, and tables
Cleaned up spilled food, drink and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash
Gave suggestions on menu items and info on menu items in regards to customer's individual taste and any allergy concerns, and thanked
customers
Informed patrons of establishment specialties and features
Greeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas
Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup
Located items requested by customers
Communicated with customers regarding orders, comments, and complaints
Observed diners to anticipate any additional needs and respond to requests
Provided guests with menus
Removed trays and stacked dishes for return to kitchen
Responded to resident or guest complaints regarding food or service
Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested.
Skillfully anticipated and addressed guests' service needs.
Regularly inquired about member or guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and fulfilled further requests.
Continually kept carpets and floor clear of debris.
Maintained a professional tone at all times, including during peak rush hours.
Received frequent customer compliments for going above and beyond normal duties.
Facilitated prompt and accurate seating and service of all guests.
Recorded guest comments or complaints, referring customers to managers as necessary.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
May 2013
 
Jonesboro High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
AFJROTC Drill Team Commander and Logistics Personnel *Orchestra
*Administrative Office Aide *Chess Club
Certifications
CPR Certified *Always willing to learn something new
Skills
Administrative, ambulance, Basic, CPR Certified, first aid, inventory, life support, Logistics, Microsoft Office, Office, Personnel, Fast learner,
sales, statistics, tables, 65 wpm