ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Summary
To acquire a challenging position with a reputable agency that will allow me the opportunity to showcase and further develop my skills and gain
experience.
Highlights
Bilingual- Fluent in both English and Spanish
Active U.S. Security Clearance granted on March 2013
JPAS access
Experience living abroad in Quito, Ecuador
Ability to plan, organize, coordinate and direct Technical Proficiency
Macintosh & Windows Software
Microsoft Office: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook
Adobe Creative Suite 5: InDesign and Photoshop
SharePoint
Social Media
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Administrative Assistant
 
08/2013
 
to 
Current
 
I directly support the Hospitality sector and attend weekly conference
calls in which I record and draft the meeting minutes for later distribution amongst the team. I create and edit monthly reports for current hospitality
projects on InDesign and review for proper accuracy. I receive invoices from multiple projects and I am responsible for compiling the information
and forwarding to the Project Manager for their approval before distributing the invoice packages. I schedule and coordinate appointments and
sector meetings as needed. I assist the office by setting up conference calls and transferring calls to the appropriate person. I have developed
various correspondences, spreadsheets and have drafted RFPs, RFIs and project contracts. I have successfully managed to coordinate and direct
group conferences. I send out Courier/ FedEx/Mail as needed for Project Managers and update the internal vendor contact list.
Company Name
 
Consular Visa Clerk
 
05/2013
 
to 
07/2013
 
(Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs Section, previously
known as NAS). I assisted the INL Officer by coordinating and managing their meetings and travel arrangements. I provided travel support to
several agencies by assisting them with inquiries regarding lodging and meals per diem rates. I processed and submitted Temporary Duty
Assignment (TDY) authorizations and reimbursement vouchers for government groups and was responsible for making sure that all participants
traveling had the proper legal documentations to travel. I directly conducted personnel inquiries to obtain information from a number of different
offices, internally and externally. I successfully arranged for foreign travel reservations and prepared official documentation pertaining to
governmental training. I assisted in compiling personal information in order to prepare vetting requests forms. I supervised and escorted non-
cleared General Services Office maintenance and warehouse personnel into all security controlled access areas and other locations within mission
facilities and grounds. I was responsible for preparing and ensuring all materials entering the CAA secured areas had been inspected by the
designated officer. I assisted the Diplomatic Security office by keeping a detailed record of all the non-cleared personnel 1 that worked at our
facilities. I was responsible for drafting, editing and publishing the U.S. Embassy's weekly newsletter. I was able to utilize my knowledge in
graphics and design layout to update the newsletter. I assisted the CLO by maintaining and updating printed materials for the office and CLO web-
site. I attended community-wide events to take photographs and promote events for the Embassy community and network with local vendors for
future partnership. I successfully coordinated and promoted group excursions to destinations in various cities in Ecuador. I reviewed Non-
Immigrant Visa applications to ensure proper completion and accuracy. I was responsible for overseeing and verifying all applicants' data and I
managed visa printing through the Consular Consolidated Database. I assisted in the American Citizens Service section with data-entry, based on
the documentation provided by travelers.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Catering Sales Intern
 
01/2012
 
to 
05/2012
 
I was involved in the marketing analysis for event planning and catered
events. I assisted the Catering Sales Manager with client site visits and the distribution of promotional material. I contributed in the design layout of
venues for catered events, weddings and corporate events, often working on weekends. I was able to interact with potential clients and staff by
doing direct calls to local vendors in order to advertise our venue and promote events.
Education
Bachelors of Arts
 
:
 
Advertising & Public Relations
 
2012
 
University of Tampa
 
University of Tampa 2008-2012 Bachelors of Arts in Advertising &
Public Relations
High School Diploma
 
:
 
Knowledge
 
2008
 
Antilles High School
 
Antilles High School 2004-2008 High School Diploma Knowledge, Experience &
Skills Competent oral, written and interpersonal communication skills Ability to work independently or in a team Capable of handling multiple tasks
simultaneously
Certifications
CAA
Languages
Bilingual- Fluent in both English and Spanish
Presentations
successfully managed to coordinate and direct group conferences
Skills
Advertising, Public Relations, Excellent Multitasker, Simultaneously, Administrative Assistant, Contracts, Fedex, Indesign, Invoice, Invoices,
Project Manager, Cyber Security, Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Sharepoint, Ms Office, Outlook, Photoshop,
Powerpoint, Sharepoint, Word, Documentation, Access, Maintenance, Security, Clo, Drafting, Liaison, Publishing, Clients, Event Planning,
Marketing, Marketing Analysis, Promotional, Sales, Weddings, Arrangements, Nas, Network Attached Storage, Training, Travel Arrangements,
Vouchers, Clerk, Database, Data-entry, Printing