AVIATION SUPPLY SPECIALISTS
Summary
To whom it may Concern, With the utmost enthusiasm, I would like to express my interest in your available position. My interest in the medical
field has taken me a long way and given me tremendous experience in different fields. I believe that my passion for assisting and interacting with
people has given me a strong commitment to the medical field, with the patients interest at heart this makes me an ideal candidate to join the team.
As a candidate, here's what I could immediately bring to the table: Effectiveness, in my role at your facility, I will also be able to use my abilities
and knowledge to accomplish your facilities goal. I have always displayed my careful approach to my job and its duties by being disciplined and
passionate. In addition, everything I have engaged in so far has all been driven by my keen interest and dedication. It is this passion that has driven
every one of my career decisions thus far. I look forward to contributing my skills and experiences in this position and hope to have the opportunity
to speak with you further about how I can be an asset to your team. Sincerely, Owen B Headman Highly skilled retired United States Army
Sergeant with over 20 years of military experience in aviation and ammunitions supply management. Seeking a challenging career opportunity in
aviation supply administration where my expertise in acquisitions, distribution, and accountability can be effectively applied towards achieving
organizational objectives.
Highlights
Experience
Aviation Supply Specialists
 
Company Name
Supervised highly technical functions in all areas of aviation supply management to include regulating, coordinating, or otherwise exercising
control over all organizational supplies, equipment, and other materials Used automated material management systems to conduct initial
planning, provisioning, requirement determination, acquisition and distribution, and ultimate issue for consumption, retention or disposal
Performed mission capability (MICAP) verification, reports and processes cannibalization actions.
Managed all fiscal accounting and purchasing procedures and ensured compliance with all Federal Acquisition regulations Managed the
movement and storage of aviation unique supplies and equipment and ensured proper documentation using United States Government
specific data entry systems Procured military and commercial 
aviation equipment and used expert knowledge of aviation supply management
to ensure proper storage and distribution Operated warehouse management systems to include interface procedures, asset accounting
functions and financial budgeting formulation Oversaw the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous materials and ensured compliance
with regulatory guidelines Conducted Supply Point inventories, researches and reconciles discrepancies Monitors status of items.
Processed local manufacture (LM) MICAPs and corrects discrepancies identified by the GLSC resulting from MICAP Enterprise Supply
Solution (ESS) reconciliation.
Processes issues, kills, and rejects management notices, status changes and cancellations.
Processes Aircraft Document Review (ADR).
Manages the DIFM listing, validates/updates DIFM listing with status by processing required transaction as necessary.
Performs DIFM reconciliation with both maintenance and supply customers to ensure verification of current status and asset location.
Conducts physical reconciliation with the Supply Point monitor to verify detail balances, reconcile out of balance conditions as well as
ensures all required transactions have been processed.
Establish, maintain and delete bench stocks in coordination with supported activities.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Hazardous Material and Handling
 
Company Name
Hazardous Material and Handling Extensive hazardous materials compliance management experience Excellent familiarity with inventory
procedures Strong knowledge of equipment requisitioning and storage Superior knowledge of all applicable local, state and federal safety
standards Exceptional field investigative abilities Sound skill in comprehensive report formulation High written and oral communication skills
Outstanding research and analytical abilities Assist with material until all unusable waste has been turned over to the Natural Resources
Environmental Affairs Office (NREAO).
Identify hazardous material by comparison to National Stocks Number (NSN) or suitable substitute.
Provided limited assistance on environmental matters applicable to operational hazardous material/hazardous waste turn-in requirements.
Inspect material conditions and recommend preservation, modification, laboratory analysis, or disposition. Maintained accurate stock records and
schedules.Conducted monthly, quarterly and yearly inventories of warehouse stock.Connected hoses and operated equipment to move liquid
materials into and out of storage tanks on vessels.Devised short and long-range action plans to address a wide variety of municipal
needs.Implemented a safety surcharge to help fund internal and contracted public safety services.
Ammunition Specialist
 
Company Name
Ammunition Stock and Control Manager Supervised the receipt, storage, issue, and preparation of ammunition components and explosives valued
at approximately five million dollars Supervised 
ammunition stock control and accounting procedures for surveillance within the operating
organization Conducted munitions inspections and tests; performed inspections of containers and vehicles transporting munitions to designated
locations Developed and implemented organizational guidelines on standards for ammunitions operations Ensured proper execution of all
organizational combat training requiring the use of explosives and ammunitions Severed with distinction in both the United States Marine Corps and
Army and retired from 
the Army with an Honorable rating Maintained 100 % accountability of ammunitions valued at $286 million dollars during a
Joint Task Force with the United States and the Honduran military Maintained a 100% accident-free record while assigned as the Ammunition
Stock Control Manager.Education
High School Diploma
 
1992
 
Hudson High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Park University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
81 Semester Hours
University of Maryland University College
 
City
 
, 
Jp
Personal Information
Secret Clearance 
Excellent leadership skills Team building and training Microsoft Office proficient
Skills
Accounting, ADR, Army, balance, Budgeting, Oral Communication, Data entry, Documentation, Financial, Government, Inventory, Materials,
Office, ESS, Monitors, Natural, Enterprise, Organizational, Processes, Purchasing Research, Safety, Sound, Stock Control, Unique, written,
SalesSoftware: Salesforce.com,TapScan, Public Relations Software, Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva, Desktop Publishing Software, Photoshop,
Illustrator, HTML.
Additional Information
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Secret Clearance Excellent leadership skills Team building and training Microsoft Office proficient