STAFFING COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
An energetic staffing professional seeking challenging experiences in Talent Acquisition and Talent Management. Solid communication,
interpersonal, and organizational skills. Experience in working with upper management and executives to coordinate meetings, travel arrangements
and onboarding of new employees.
Skill Highlights
Event Coordination
Microsoft Word, Excel, Power
Point, Outlook, SharePoint
BrassRing and Taleo
Candidate tracking systems
Training and experience in Infovision II, Retail Link, and Spectra 
databases; used to analyze sales
numbers and performance, and create 
progressive goals for upcoming months.
Professional Experience
07/2015
 
to 
Current
Staffing Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Partner with US Staffing Representatives by scheduling interviews for candidates located in the US and abroad.
Coordinated travel arrangements for domestic candidates while maintaining HR data through Taleo (BaxTalent) Systems.
Responsible for processing reports on a weekly basis within Taleo. Also responsible for Source of Hire and Candidate Slate reporting.
Formed relationships with hiring managers, administrative assistants, and staffing agencies to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling
outcome. Developed relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives.
Aid hiring managers within the Research and Development, Regulatory, Sales, Quality, IT, Manufacturing, Marketing, Legal, HR, and
Finance areas.
Point of contact for all Candidate Travel Questions.
Processed invoices and special payment requests for traveling candidates and tracked the progress to completion.
Assisted with Onboarding of New Hires. Helped maintain data, processed Background checks and I9s. Processed Employee Referral and
Hiring Bonus exceptions for Pay Roll. 
Facilitated New Hire Orientation with Talent Management and Business HR colleagues. Ensured New Hires to Baxalta, now Shire had a
pleasant, smooth, and informational orientation experience.
Aided with the onboarding of new employees to the staffing coordinator team by providing training on all of our processes.
Proactive in pursuing Networking and Business Acumen activities to further my knowledge and experience at Baxalta, now Shire and the
healthcare industry.
Leader of a Workstream dedicated to creating a SharePoint for all information regarding Interview Coordination across multiple sites
around North America.
04/2013
 
to 
06/2015
Staffing Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Partner with US Medical Products and BioScience Staffing Representatives by scheduling interviews for candidates located in the US and
abroad.
Coordinated travel arrangements for domestic candidates while maintaining HR data through BrassRing and Taleo (BaxTalent) Systems.
Formed relationships with hiring managers, administrative assistants, and staffing agencies to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling
outcome.
Developed relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives.
Aid hiring managers within the Research and Development, Regulatory, Sales, Quality, IT, Manufacturing, Marketing, Legal, HR, and
Finance areas within the Medical Products and BioScience Businesses of Baxter Healthcare.
Developed a process used to process last minute travel requests from Staffing Representatives.
Processed invoices and special payment requests for traveling candidates and tracked the progress to completion.
Assisted with maintaining new hire paper work, data entry, and audits of their files to make sure all information has been provided for
compliance purposes.
Facilitated New Hire Orientation with Staffing and Business HR colleagues. Ensured New Hires to Baxter had a pleasant, smooth, and
informational orientation experience.
Aided with the onboarding of new employees to the staffing coordinator team by providing training on all of our processes.
Work with Excel to create reports for Staffing Representatives and Business HR in Medical Products and BioScience organizations to track
Open Job Requisitions in BrassRing and Taleo (BaxTalent) systems.
Proactive in pursuing Networking and Business Acumen activities to further my knowledge and experience at Baxter and the healthcare
industry.
06/2012
 
to 
03/2013
Staffing Coordinator Contractor on Assignment at Baxter Healthcare
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Partner with US Medical Products and BioScience recruiters by 
scheduling interviews for candidates located in the US and abroad and
travel arrangements for domestic candidates while maintaining HR data 
through BrassRing.
Formed relationships with hiring managers and administrative assistants to ensure a smooth and consistent scheduling outcome.Developed
relationships with mid to upper level managers and executives.
Aid 
hiring managers within the Research and Development, Regulatory, Sales, 
Quality, and Marketing areas within the Medical Productsand BioScience 
Businesses of Baxter.
Processed invoices and special payment requests for traveling candidates and tracked the progress to completion.
Assisted 
with maintaining new hire paper work, data entry, and audits of their 
files to make sure all information has been provided for
compliance 
purposes.
Work with Excel to create reports for Directors of HR 
in BioScience to aid in understanding the number of open positions the 
recruiters
were working to fill.
08/2007
 
to 
04/2012
Department Supervisor
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervisor of the Women's Accessories 
department. Responsible for the merchandising and sales of the department.Also responsible for
overseeing the on-boarding, training, and performance 
of the new and current associates that work in the department.
Other department experiences were: Home 
Department supervisor which included overseeing the commissioned sales 
Window
Department, Shoes Department, Children's Department, and Women's 
Department.
Key carrying supervisor that was also tasked 
with securing the store at night and opening the store in the morning and 
managing the
associates to open and close the store at the same time. Â 
Handled many customer service issues that 
were resolved to the satisfaction of the customers involved.
Successfully completed the Manager in Training program for Sales Managers and above.
Education and Training
May 2007
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
International Business
 
John Brown University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
International Business
Community Service
Junior Achievement Company Program 
November 2013-May 2014 
Volunteered to help mentor students at Round Lake High School in the
Company program for Junior Achievement. We were the first group of 
Baxter Employees to work with this program through JA. Helped to
answer 
questions as students created a business that they launched to sell 
products to their school and their community. Led several classes where
we had to go over specific information for creating their business plan 
and operating their business per the guidelines that were set forth by 
Junior
Achievement.
Interests
Kayaking, Swimming, Singing in Choirs at Church and in the Community
Languages
Intermediate in Spanish
Beginner in Japanese and French
Skills
Administrative, Customer Service, Data Entry, Event Coordination, Merchandising,Â  Networking,Â  Reporting, Scheduling, Travel Arrangements
Additional Information
Founding Executive Board member of Baxalta's Business Resource Group, Early Career Professionals. Leader of the Recruitment and Retention
Workstream. Analyzed Data surrounding Demographics of Milennial Population at Baxalta. Lead the Leadership Spotlight series where we
coordinated one hour slots with senior leaders to give our group members a chance to interact on a more intimate level with senior leadership.