VICE PRESIDENT
Executive Profile
Accomplished at building and sustaining outstanding teams. Creates a team vision that supports the organizational vision. Skilled at turning teams
into industry leading teams and developing team members into outstanding performers. Develops innovative approaches to providing high quality,
cost-effective service that exceed customer expectations. Skilled author and speaker with numerous articles appearing in national business journals
and multiple presentations at national conferences.
Core Accomplishments
Attended CHIME (College of Healthcare Information Management 
Executives) CIO Boot Camp, October 2008.
Attended The EDGE program, The Executive Development and Growth Experience Program, presented by Baylor Health Care System
Talent Planning in partnership with Southern Methodist University Cox Executive Education.
Graduated May 2010.
Information on numerous additional educational programs attended available upon request.
Available upon request.
Professional Experience
March 2003
 
to 
July 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Vice President
Chair of United Way Mental Health and Counseling Grant Panel 2009, Vice-Chair of Access to Jobs Panel 2010, 2011, 2012 Selected
Publications Selected Speaking Engagements Building a Clinical Engineering Department from the Ground Up: Cover story, Biomedical
Instrumentation & Technology, November/December 1999 (co-authored with Larry Hertzler, Vice President with Aramark Healthcare
Technologies) Candidate Wanted: How to Find the Right Match for Your Department: Cover story, Biomedical Instrumentation and
Technology, March/April 2003 Okay, So I'm a Supervisor, Now What?: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, January/February
2004 (co-authored with Larry Hertzler, Vice President with Aramark Healthcare Technologies) Taking the Intranet Plunge: Create
It.Maintain It.and Use It: IT Horizons, November/December 2003 Winning Hand: Playing the Odds with Clinical Equipment Service:
Contracts, Health Facilities Management, November 2004 Preventive Maintenance: A Look at the Big Picture: Biomedical Instrumentation
& Technology, March/April 2006 Benchmarking) Glass is Half Full: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, July/August 2006 A Closer
Link (Open Device Integration Strategy): Advance for Healthcare Information Executives, April 2007 On Sculpture, Baseball, and
Benchmarking.: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, July/August 2007 (co-authored with Larry Hertzler, Vice President with
Aramark Healthcare Technologies) Getting the Most Out of Your Clinical Engineering Department: Nurse Leader Magazine, February
2008 Carefully Measuring Productivity Is Key to Managing Resources: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, January/February 2010
Practical Guide for Successful Performance Improvement: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, May/June 2010 How to Manage
Effectively 
as You Climb the Ladder: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, July/August 2011 Vendors and Customers; Five Keys to
an Effective Relationship: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, January/February 2012 Find a Work/Life Balance With Your
Management Strategy: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, August/September 2012 In Service/Support Debate, Throwing Rocks
Won't Help: Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology, October/November 2012.
May 2008
 
to 
July 2008
Corporate Director
Coordinated multiple medical equipment service departments into single system department.
Led effort to implement medical equipment management database that combined six separate databases.
Participated in development and implementation of automated on-line capital acquisition request process.
Developed system-wide process for identifying medical equipment in need of replacement.
Member of Information Services Leadership Council Member of Information Services Communications Council Co-chair of Baylor Clinical
Technology Assessment Council Active participant in development of relationship with Medisend, charitable organization providing medical
equipment and supplies to developing countries; developing internship program to assist with development of BMET's from these
developing countries.
Acted as primary contact for Baylor Health Care System executive leadership for information systems technology issues.
Directed the activities of Technology Operations, Field Support and Desktop Engineering, and Biomedical Technology Services.
January 1998
 
to 
January 2003
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Operations Manager
Participated in implementation of Clinical Engineering program that maintained a high level of quality and customer satisfaction while beating
budget targets by $1.6 million, and estimated cost of previous outsourced program by approximately $7.5 million during its first three years
of existence.
Assisted in development and shared responsibility for ongoing maintenance of department intranet site that provided comprehensive
information regarding department activities to department staff members and customers, and was widely acknowledged as the best intranet
site within Advocate Health Care.
Participated in successful Y2K compliance assurance project for approximately 35,000 pieces of equipment.
Participated in the development of a Strategic Technology Plan for major imaging equipment in 2000.
The Strategic Technology Plan was eventually expanded to cover all clinical equipment with a value of more than $25,000.January 1987
 
to 
January 1998
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Team Manager and Regional Manager
Education
Missouri Institute of Technology
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Electronic Engineering Technology
 
Bachelor of Science
Electronic Engineering Technology Attended Accelerating Best Care Baylor July through
Publications
Participated as panel expert in Advisory Board presentation on best practices in technology assessment in June 2009 Presented session on
"Communicating with the C-Suite" at the MD Expo conference in Austin, TX in October 2010 Presented session on "The Future of Clinical
Engineering" at North Texas Biomedical Association meeting in October 2010 Presented session on "Getting the Most Out of Your Clinical
Engineering Department" with David Muntz, CIO of Baylor Health Care System, at CHIME CIO Fall Forum in October 2011 and for CHIME
webinar in January 2012. Presented session on "Maximizing the Value of your Healthcare Technology Management Program" at iHT2 conference
in Phoenix, AZ in January, 2013 Presented session on "Connecting with the C-Suite" at 2013 AAMI Annual Conference Breakfast Symposium.
Presented session on "A Pragmatic Approach to the Right-to-Repair Issue" at 2014 AAMI Annual Conference Breakfast Symposium.
Skills
Balance, Benchmarking, BTS, budget, Contracts, Council, Counseling, customer satisfaction, databases, database, delivery, Facilities
Management, help desk, imaging, information systems, Leadership, Managing, Mental Health, Access, 2000, procurement, Speaking,
Publications, quality, Sculpture, Strategy, Strategic, Supervisor, telecommunications, phones, VOIP, Y2K
Additional Information
Professional Recognition 2008 AAMI (Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation) Clinical/Biomedical Engineering
Achievement Award. Recognizes individual excellence and achievement in the fields of clinical engineering and biomedical engineering.
Professional Affiliations
Member of the Board of Directors for AAMI (Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation) Past Chair of the United States
Certification Commission Current Chair of the International Certification Commission Member of AAMI Technology Management Council
Member of Biomedical Instrumentation & Technology Magazine Editorial Review Board Member of CHIME (College of Healthcare Information
Management Executives). Member of HIMSS (Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society) Member of Medical Advisory Board
for Medisend International