FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
Flexible Accountant who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology. Adept at budget forecasting, financial
reporting, Capable Accountant successful at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge
of accounting software and processes.
Highlights
Financial statement analysis
Analytical reasoning
Strength in regulatory reporting
Account reconciliation expert
Complex problem solving
Effective time management
Excellent managerial techniques
Strong organizational skills
Superior research skills
Flexible team player
Accomplishments
Reviewed processes and identified inadequate.
Experience
Finance Manager
 
May 2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Supervision of Accounting employees including hiring, coaching, training and completing employee evaluations in a timely manner.
Develop and generate daily, monthly, quarterly and year end processes and preparation of financial statements and related management
reports.
Coordination and management of daily cash transfers.
Maintain general ledger accounts in balance with sub-ledgers.
Approve all A/P expenditures and G/L adjustments.
Analyze and review expenditures compared to budget.
Maintain accounting control procedures.
Communicate with staff and members efficiently and timely.
Assist Internal and external auditors in completing audits.
Improve, redesign and re-engineer existing accounting systems.
Team Member of Security Committee and Business Continuity 
Committee.
Received over 20 awards for going above and beyond and saving the Credit Union money.
Financial Analyst II
 
November 2000
 
to 
April 2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Produced financial information for billing and reporting for Federal, State and County contracts.
Performed general ledger reconciliation and prepare any correcting entries.
Reconciliation of 35 bank accounts from multiple banking entities.
Tracked and reconciled Long and Short Term Debt.
Liaison to program management with respect to financial information, contract compliance and budgetary matters.
Reviewed and monitored the preparation of audit schedules for any required Agency audits.
Assisted the Director of Finance in developing budgets and with budgetary analysis.
Improved, redesigned and re-engineered existing accounting systems.
Coordinated conversion of new computer software and hardware.
Member of the Internal Loan Committee providing review and approval of Micro Business Loans.
Responsible for the daily operation and supervision of the A/P Department.
Named Employee of the Month.
Corporate Accountant
 
August 1998
 
to 
October 2000
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Developed and monitored operating and capital budgets.
Managed and reviewed all functions regarding financial statement preparation.
Provided analysis, produced reports and developed specialized reports for management.
Managed, reviewed and approved A/P and A/R.
Performed all general ledger reconciliation.
Assisted H/R Director with P/R transactions and functions.
Provided work direction and review to less experienced associates.
Improved, redesigned and re-engineered existing accounting systems.
Coordinated conversion of new computer software and hardware.
Provided support and assistance to Corporate Controller.
Named Employee of the Month.Resort Revenue Manager
 
July 1991
 
to 
August 1998
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Managed revenue department which audited 10 restaurants, Adult and Kids Ski Schools, 8 retail outlets, The Crested Butte Marriott Hotel
(252 suites ), The Sheraton at Crested Butte (300 rooms) and various vacation rental properties.
Responsible for hiring, training and disciplining up to 20 associates.
Responsible for the security and accurate processing of large sums of currency and credit cards from multiple resort operations exceeding
$250,000 daily.
Ensured timely and accurate bank account reconciliation for various corporate entities between multiple banking organizations.
Coordinated the transfer of funds among multiple bank accounts.
Managed, reviewed and approved high volume of A/P and A/R transactions and inter-company allocations.
Managed and reviewed all functions regarding financial statement preparation.
Prepared audit work papers for corporate auditors.
Provided support and assistance to Controller.
Assisted with conversion of new computer software and hardware.
Member of Wage Committee, Leadership Committee and the Software Design Committee.
Received awards for Associate of the Week, Team of the Week, Team of the Month and Special Project of the Month.
EQUIPMENT/SKILLS Computer Literate.
Solid working knowledge of accounting/auditing principles and procedures.
Education
Accounting Associate Degree
 
Barnes Business College
Skills
account reconciliation, Accounting, accounting systems, A/P, Agency, auditing, balance, banking, billing, budgets, budget, coaching, hardware,
Computer Literate, contracts, Controller, conversion, Credit, direction, engineer, Finance, financial, financial statement preparation, preparation of
financial statements, funds, general ledger, general ledger accounts, hiring, Leadership, Director, money, processes, program management,
reporting, retail, Software Design, Supervision