HEALTHCARE DOCUMENTATION SERVICES DELIVERY MANAGER
Professional Summary
A dependable and motivated professional experienced in managing multiple projects in a fast paced deadline driven environment. Posses strong
organizational and communication skills. Strong technical proficiency that includes: working knowledge of Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Access
and Outlook with the ability to quickly learn new technology and software applications. Works well independently with the ability to prioritize and
multi-task efficiently with minimal 
supervision
Skill Highlights
New employee orientations
Staff training and development
Microsoft Office Suite expert
Maintains confidentiality
HR policies and procedures expertise
People-oriented
Organized
Exceptional communicator
Schedule management
Problem resolution
Deadline-oriented
Report analysis
Results-oriented
Self-directed
Time management
Professional and mature
Dedicated team player
Strong interpersonal skills
Education and Training
Rowland High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
High School Diploma
East San Gabriel Valley Occupational Program 
City
 
, 
State
 
Microsoft Office Specialist Course
Skills
Human Resources, Scheduling and Payroll
Interviews, New Hire Training and Orientation
Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Outlook
Electronic Time Card and Scheduling Applications
Multitasking in a fast paced environment
Extremely Organized, Communication Proficiency
Team Oriented with the ability to build strong relationships with Individuals at various levels
Dead-line results driven, Time Management
Works well with little or no supervision
Professional Experience
January 2009
 
to 
January 2014
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Healthcare Documentation Services Delivery Manager
Directly responsible for customer satisfaction in clinical document turnaround time and quality
Directly aided in eliminating document turnaround time and quality penalties by driving the consistent achievement of 97% document
turnaround time and 95% document quality
As required received many high scoring customer surveys and resigned contacts
Prepared and presented client account performance reports and executive level scorecards
Trained medical records staff and providers on transcription applications, document search engines and dictation machines both on site and
remotely
Initiated new transcriptionists paperwork, scheduled training and provided daily support to new hires
Ensured training course material were up to date and managed training room bookings
Ordered training supplies and equipment
Created and maintained weekly work schedules for transcription staff
Completed electronic time cards and payroll as well as trained each employee to use the program
Under my leadership overtime costs were reduced 25% by improving production performance
Instituted and hosted monthly team quality webinars to provide guidance, expectations and training
Partnered closely with Human Resources, Account Management, Inside Sales, Project Management and Customer Service teams to ensure
customer satisfaction, retention and growth
January 2005
 
to 
January 2009Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Customer Care Manager
Customer facing, first point of contact for all day to day issues, projects or concerns. Worked directly with HIM Directors, Physicians and
COO for assigned healthcare facilities
Conducted customer touch base calls to review account performance, goals reached and expected metrics.
Developed and presented monthly reporting statistics for each customer
Set up conference calls and webinars and scheduled customer training for new applications
Was directly involved in all new go lives and implementations including travel as needed for medical records staff and provider training
Acting as the customers advocate proactively fielded complaints to resolve quickly, always following up with the customer to ensure
satisfaction
Oversaw contract deadlines and renewals working closely with the company legal team. Had success in having over 98% of my customers
resign new 1-4 year contracts
Worked directly with sales team to introduce new products to existing customers. Had success in selling new templates, technologies and
work types to many facilities
January 1995
 
to 
January 2005
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Work Flow Coordinator
Oversaw transcription workflow process of three office locations in Southern California.
Maintained all dictated reports to ensure compliance with service level agreements.
Hired, supervised and trained a large staff of Work Flow personnel.
Had success in crew retention and loyalty.
Oversaw the completion of bi-weekly time cards.
My team reduced overtime costs by improving d performance and accuracy.
Created and maintained all departments' employee scheduling, yearly reviews and performance management.
Directed all incoming work flow department client calls to the appropriate recipient.
Our departments received over 500 inbound calls per day.
We had very few delays in processing such a large volume of calls and had many satisfied customer surveys for our department.
Constructed daily excel reporting, weekly and monthly turnaround times analysis and back log spread sheets.
Worked closely with Quality Assurance, Account Management and Technical Support to ensure customer satisfaction and delivery.