SENIOR DIRECTOR OF FINANCE
Professional Summary
High-performing Senior Director of Finance with management experience, and exceptional people skills. Versed in strategic planning, financial
analysis and project management.
Experience
Senior Director of Finance
 
May 2012
 
to 
Feb 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage a team that is responsible for timely and accurate reporting for Commercial Accounts ($3.5BN) and Middle Market ($7BN)
monthly and quarterly production results, including preparing Sr. Leadership for Investor Days, Earnings Releases, and Shareholder
Meetings.
Lead a variety of projects including the coordination and consolidation of the annual plan, the annual field compensation process, as well as
being the finance representative on a long-term strategic operating model project.
Drive CFO and Sr. Leadership directed projects in order to support evolving business needs including the development of an audit
estimation process across Middle Market, implemented a new profitability measure which allowed detailed segmentation of the Middle
Market book of business, and managed the re-alignment of the geographical footprint of our business (over 3,000 people across the
country) to better drive results and synergy across business units.
Utilize exceptional analytical and communication skills across multiple levels of the organization, with an ability to understand the details as
well as find and summarize key findings.
Director of Strategic Initiatives
 
Jun 2009
 
to 
May 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Developed strategy, identified priorities, and established business cases across and within the businesses to enable the successful delivery of
strategic activities and investments.
Projects included re-designing underwriting documentation across Business Insurance, developing solutions to improve regulatory pricing
documentation across Business Insurance, and streamlining the staff and process for Global Underwriting business.
Worked with leaders to develop solutions to change the business model and the operating model by determining ways to re-tool, re-align,
re-organize, or create efficiencies in current activities.
Provided continuous support to senior management on planning, execution, market-specific needs, and challenges by providing fact-based
decision support, and clear and concise messaging through meetings and presentations.
Process Improvement Engineer
 
Jul 2006
 
to 
Jun 2009
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Completed a Liquid Petroleum Gas market study for National Programs and identified 10 new states in which they should expand their
business, equal to an estimated $12 million dollars in premium.
Conducted an Account Manager job-assessment for Northland Insurance with the end goal of establishing metrics to measure the
performance of 18 Account Managers on a monthly basis.
This study included interviewing, studying workloads and process time, and ultimately working with Management to develop performance
measure metrics.
Assisted business areas with improving their operational performance by working through the process engineering methodology which
consists of: project planning, core data collection, process documentation, preliminary data analysis, the development of recommendations,
and final report presentation.
Managed an Architects & Engineers process improvement project focused on finding opportunities to simplify the A & E's work
environment.
This was accomplished through a division of labor comparison between 17 employees and another business unit, an assessment of
streamlining opportunities along with an identification of work that can be performed outside the office.
Managed an Employee Relations process improvement project where I interviewed, created process workflow documents, and identified
over 80 process improvement opportunities that were built into their 2008 business plan.
1st Rotation: Home Office Assistant Regional Financial Officer for Domestic Companies Provided financial and strategic planning analytical
support to the Domestic Financial Officers in the Domestic Finance Teams for Travelers of Florida, Travelers of New Jersey and Premier.
Visited these field offices at least once a month, and acted as the liaison between the Domestic Companies and the Home Office.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Economics and Finance
 
May 2006
 
Bentley College
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.7 GPA: 3.68 Magna Cum Laude, Honors Program,
President's List, Dean's List, Finance National Honors Society
 
Economics and Finance GPA: 3.7 GPA: 3.68 Magna Cum Laude, Honors
Program, President's List, Dean's List, Finance National Honors Society
MBA
 
2012
 
University of Connecticut Graduate School
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.8
 
GPA: 3.8
Skills
Premier, streamline, book, business plan, communication skills, concise, data analysis, data collection, decision support, delivery, designing,
documentation, Employee Relations, senior management, Finance, Financial, Home Office, Insurance, investments, Leadership, Market, Meetings,
messaging, Access, Excel, office, Power Point, presentations, pricing, process engineering, process improvement, project planning, reporting,
strategy, strategic, strategic planning, Underwriting, Visio, Workbench, workflow
Core QualificationsExcel, Power Point, Access, Visio
TM1, SNL, AM Best