ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Accounting professional with twenty years of experience in inventory and manufacturing accounting. 
Ability to fill in at a moment's notice, quickly
mastering new systems, processes and workflows. 
Take charge attitude, ability to work independently, recommend and implement ideas and
process improvements.
Skills
Microsoft Office Excel, Outlook and Word, SAGE 100, Ramp (WMS software) and 
Syspro (ERP program)
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accountant
 
04/2011
 
to 
05/2017
Performed general accounting functions, journal entries, reconciliations and accruals.
Completed monthly assigned account analysis (compared to budget and prior periods) and reconciliations as well.
Participated in monthly, quarterly and annual financial closing processes.
Participated in the annual budget process.
Researched and approved all credit memos and debit memos to be issued (returns, damages, mispicks and price discrepancies).
Implemented and oversaw RGA spreadsheet for returns used by customer service, accounting and upper management.
Initiated and tracked claim process with carriers for damages.
Built relationships with other departments including logistics, planning, customer service and sales.
Participated in identifying and executing the company's business process improvement efforts and assisted management with special
assignments and projects.
Assisted in preparation of bank audits and annual external audit.
Maintained full accounting functions of 3 subsidiaries 
Inventory.
Approved all inventory transactions for all four warehouses.
Only employee who could process any inventory transactions; such as, adjustments and transfers for NJ warehouse.
Other three warehouses need approval from me prior to making any adjustments to their inventory.
Processed daily receipt of goods for corporate headquarters and our three 3 PL locations in GA, TX and NV.
Monthly inventory reconciliation of all 4 warehouses including researching and addressing discrepancies.
Initiated cycle count requests and reconciliation for all 4 warehouses.
Organized and managed the year-end physical inventory count, analysis, and reconciliation at onsite warehouse.
Analyzed and reconciled the physical inventory data from our other three 3 PL locations.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Inventory Control Manager
 
01/2008
 
to 
01/2010
Became an expert user and handled rollout and training of a new ERP system (Syspro).
Trouble shot the new systems which propelled efficiency gains and significant time- and cost-savings.
Handled the purchasing and receiving of raw and semi-finished material, tools, supplies and any 
services necessary for manufacturing.
Post take over, rebuilt trust with vendors / suppliers, repairing damaged relationships by ensuring timely, correct payments for all
goods/services received saving the company in late fees and COD costs.
Continuously renegotiated payment terms with suppliers/vendors resulting in improved cash flow and helped to facilitate the company's
return to profitability.
Updated computer files to ensure the accuracy of inventory levels.
Processed work and completion dates; compiling progress of work reports and analyzing costs.
Reported slow moving inventory and initiated actions to reduce effective inventory.
Conducted cycle and year-end physical inventory counts.
Successfully handled responsibilities which included inventory, purchasing and work order.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounting Manager
 
01/1995
 
to 
01/2008
Prepared all relevant documentation and submitted data for auditors during corporate takeover in 2008.
Designed and generated all monthly and Ad Hoc analytical reports.
Analyzed cost control, providing timely and frequent financial information that supported corporate goals and objectives.
Prepared monthly general ledger entries, reconcile G/L accounts to subsidiary journals or worksheets and posted monthly G/L journal
entries.
Posted month end sale tax entries to state sales tax worksheet; reconciled month end balance to G/L resolving any differences.
Managed the payroll function which was outsourced to ADP.
Recorded and tracked receipts and disbursements.
Reconciled bank and credit card statements.
Preparation of monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements; while working closely with external accounting firm.
Maintained and oversaw all human resource activities including annual health insurance negotiations.
Defined, developed and streamlined company's processes.
Maintained MAS90 database to assure accuracy and furnished manufacturing with reports that were praised for their accuracy, user-
friendliness and timeliness.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Full Charge Bookkeeper
 
01/1993
 
to 
01/1995
Education and Training
B.S
 
:
 
Business Administration Accounting
 
Montclair State College
 
Business Administration AccountingSkills
accounting, general accounting, accruals, ADP, Ad, balance, budget, business process improvement, cash flow, closing, cost control, credit,
customer service, database, debit, documentation, ERP, financial, financial statements, general ledger, human resource, insurance, Inventory,
inventory levels, logistics, MAS90, Excel, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, negotiations, payroll, PL, processes, progress, purchasing, receiving,
repairing, researching, SAGE, sales, spreadsheet, tax, year-end