PURCHASER / PRODUCTION COORDINATOR
Professional Profile
Productive, quality oriented professional eager to contribute 
comprehensive skills toward actively supporting a 
progressive organization as a key
team member. Featured Skills 
x 
Expedite / AOG / Logistics 
x 
Customer Service 
x 
Finance / Accounting 
x 
Sales 
x 
Purchasing 
x 
Inventory Control
x 
Stores / Warehouse 
x 
Management 
x 
Shipping 
x 
Receiving 
x 
Bookkeeping Ability to act independently to determine methods and procedures on
new assignments. * Ability to respond consistently with a high degree of initiative to resolve issues or complex problems that may arise. * Ability to
maintain positive company image and brand. * Ability to perform work accurately and thoroughly. * Efficient organization and time-management
skills. * Ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines. * A courteous and professional demeanor. * Strong negotiation skills * Ability to work well
under pressure * Intermediate to advanced computer skills. Proficient with MS Office suite and other work-related software. Additional
Comments 
I have been working in the Aviation industry for 12 years now and bring with me a total on 15 years of experience that makes me a
well-seasoned professional. I bring with me experience of working with commercial, military, charter, and prototype aircraft. I am experienced and
knowledgeable with Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Dornier, and Lockheed and have proven myself to be both versatile when working with various
aircraft makes & customers.
Experience
January 2011
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Purchaser / Production Coordinator
My journey at Flightstar began with production coordinating, where I was responsible for interfacing with leads, project managers, and
customer representatives regarding aircraft documentation, parts status, and any problems that may affect the delivery schedule.
In this position I was responsible for aircraft paperwork and work cards during the maintenance visits.
I worked one on one with purchasing to ensure the proper communication of parts that could affect aircraft delivery and help expedite these
parts as necessary.
When services were required either in house or items being sent out for any kind of testing or repair, I would provide complete and accurate
paperwork to purchasing.
Daily reporting of parts statuses, man hours, and aircraft schedule was a daily task.
Being a coordinator first and already having experience in purchasing made my transition to a buyer smooth since I could now work more
closely with the coordinators with each of us able to support one another better with part status updates and any paperwork issues.
Like coordinators I have to interface with leads, project managers, and customer representatives.
In addition I have to communicate between various departments at FAS such accounting to make sure that material is paid and billed
accurately as well as quality to make sure that the parts purchase are up to standard and come from an approved source.
Being on both sides of the fence I know see that coordinators spend more time corresponding between the different areas of the job where
buyers spend more time on parts themselves.
Purchasers are responsible for every part purchased or requested and Have the sole responsibility of resolving any materials needed.
I have to not only purchase the parts but also validate the paperwork or trace is acceptable and legal.
If it isn't, resolve any rejected parts by means of returns and credits.
Buyers are responsible for expediting all orders and making sure that they are received as needed.
We then report this information to the coordinators and project managers as necessary.
Outside vendor interaction is a big part of purchasing and we have to form business relationships to effectively perform or duties.
In addition I am responsible for meeting standards and performance metrics within the company to make that we are functioning at an
industry standard to rise above the competition.
Purchasing is also responsible for cost savings such engaging in supplier contracts and rebate programs.
These savings of course benefits everyone on the company.
Purchasers are a point of contact between FAS, suppliers, and customers regarding materials so effective communication and reporting is
key in this position.
February 2009
to
December 2010
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Purchasing Clerk / Material Specialist
Working with Vision Airlines included a lot of different 
responsibilities.
Not only was I responsible for quoting and purchasing materials for both Aircraft and Stock, but also included Stores / Warehouse,
Shipping, and Receiving responsibilities.
Being a smaller Airline I work closely with the Executive staff as well as the owners of the company themselves.
After receiving a Material Order Request, I would acquire the necessary quotes to find the best price and lead time available.
If needed, get approval to proceed with the order.
Coordinate and expedite the shipping and payment process to get the material where it needs to be in a timely manner.
I would match invoice with purchase orders and track shipments to assure their arrival.
Upon receipt of material, I then would verify proper certification of the material, receive into the system, and label as required.
Once material is ready to be used, issue from the system to assure all records was correct.
All of this required constant tracking using Excel, Word, and Adobe.
I kept records of all transactions whether it was materials needing to be ordered, Purchase Orders themselves, Invoices needing to be paid,
or items that that have already been received.
As well as certifications and any other information requested from maintenance.If an item needed to be shipped I was responsible for the proper packaging, handling, and traceability to be done in a professional manner.
As part of the AOG team I would be called on at any time to locate and facilitate the material where the urgent requirement may be.
This involved having key information to acquire the material and coordinate with the proper logistics necessary.
Also as a valued member of the material group I have represented the Airline at maintenance facilities to properly manage the material being
ordered and used for an Aircraft.
February 2005
to
January 2009
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Purchasing Agent / Material Expeditor
I started working as a Material Expeditor which required me to work closely with Purchasing, Maintenance, and the Airline.
Being an Expeditor had responsibilities that could change day by day depending on what was required of me.
I provided daily reports and expedited any material needed to keep the production process flowing efficiently.
This meant coordinating the order and shipment process, as well as the actual delivery of the material.
My responsibility as a Purchasing Agent is to find price and availability on material needed and then order and track for prompt shipment.
This requires me to deal directly with the vendors and develop relationships for future business.
I also retrieve any and all paperwork required, retrieving certification, submit any and all signatures necessary, and expedite the material in a
timely fashion.
Once I have received the material I then facilitate and expedite the flow of materials to and from various departments.
I have worked with many different Airline companies as well as Military, which all have high and demanding standards to meet.
With this job no two days are the same, it is a constant change with challenging obstacles.
In addition to being a Buyer and Expeditor, I was responsible for doing spare Sales to sister and contract companies.
This required the technique of verifying stock, quoting material, ensuring proper certification, and shipping.
Between the three job functions I was constantly providing and coordinating AOG orders support.
Clientlogic (DELL).
Education
1/2010
Transportation 
Dangerous Goods 
Development Group 
Training Certificate
8/2009
Vision Airlines 
Maintenance Indoctrination Course 
Training Certificate
8/2009
Vision Airlines 
Reduced Vertical Separation Minimum 
Training Certificate 
(RVSM)
8/2008
Lake City 
Test of Basic Education (TABE) 
Community College 
Form 9, Level A, Score 12.9
12/2005
Federal Aviation 
Certificate of Training 
"Gold Award" 
Administration 
Maintenance Technicians Awards Program
5/2001
State of Florida 
High School
 
Diploma
 
Department of Education
Skills
accounting, Adobe, Basic, benefits, contracts, delivery, DELL, documentation, fashion, legal, logistics, materials, Excel, Word, packaging,
Purchasing, quality, Receiving, reporting, requirement, Sales, Shipping, Transportation, Vision
Additional Information
Business reference known for 9 years.
Linkedin Profile
www.linkedin.com/in/johnchriskey