HR SPECIALIST
Summary
An Human Resources Specialist 
with over 
9 
years in recruitment and federal employment processes. 
An energetic, innovative, out the box thinker
who is a self-starter with excellent analytical, organizational and project management skills.Â  As an 
HR Recruiter who communicates and
collaborates effectively with all levels of personnelÂ I rely on excellent interpersonal skills, outstanding customer service and a solid expertise in
human resources management.Â  I possess an e
 
xtensive background in HR recruitment and staffing affairs, including experience in position
management, HR Internship Program development and management, Pathways, Presidential Management Fellows, employee onboarding,
orientation, HR policies, regulations and legal compliance. *Demonstrated success in managing HR programs, developing teambuilding programs,
and writing standard operating procedures, hiring authorities and policies, job descriptions and management reports.
Skills
HR Advisory Services
Strategic Recruitment Planning
HR Policies & Procedures
Staff Recruitment & Retention
HR Program/Project Management
Orientation & Onboarding
Performance Management
Delegated Examining
Classification and Position Management
Special Emphasis Programs
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)
Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills
Recruiting and selection techniques
Proficient communicator
Talent assessments
Leadership Development
Delegated Examining
Â Social Media management and recruitment
Experience
HR Specialist
 
12/2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide HR advisory services within the Office of Inspector General to mid-level and senior level managers.
Serve as subject matter expert within the Talent and Acquisitions team regarding hiring authorities and flexibilities within Merit Staffing
Procedures and Delegated Examining.
Consult with HR managers and hiring officials regarding the use of Pathways Programs such as 1nternships, Recent Graduates and
Presidential Management Fellows.
Provide knowledgeable and effective advisory services to managers and senior leaders related to topics of Staffing and Recruitment,
Classifications, Position Management, Schedule A, Special Emphasis Programs and Selective Placement Programs.
Participate in preparation and review of case files for 2016 Delegated Examining Audit.
Review and determine if case files are prepared correctly based upon the policies and regulations that govern Delegated Examining
announcements.
Review and revise Position Description's (PD) to create job analysis and job announcements for open positions for open vacancy
announcement candidates.
Voluntarily led the development of Onboarding Programs for Supervisors, Training and Development, Leadership Development, Social
Media Recruitment and New Employee Orientation programs within the Human Resource Management Division.
Research issues or topics of various complexities to ensure accurate information is provided to team members and managers.
Lead and implement the development of an agency wide hiring guide for managers that would provide managers with policy and guidance
compliant with OPM regulations and Merit Staffing Principles.
Serve as the agency's representative at the Executive Resource Committee meetings, which discusses the Department's best practices and
policies such as Senior Executive recruitment and hiring, Performance Management and Awards.
Project Management-Collaborate with Senior HR Specialists and Managers to review and improve current HR related processes.
Ability to take on lead roles when assigned HR projects which include but not limited to, researching various topics, evaluating best stand
practices, determining impact on established processes and achieving desired outcomes.
Experience with developing presentations and briefings for peers and senior level managers.
Able to present information orally and written in an organized and understandable format for various audiences.
Provides voice and data communications systems for small and mid-sized companies.
HR Specialist
 
09/2013
 
to 
12/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Marketing- Devised marketing and branding initiatives to increase agency advertisement and visibility among colleges and universities as,
"The Employer of Choice" for internships and recent graduate programs.
Facilitate information sessions on various topics such as resume writing, internship programs, use of USAJobs.gov and interviewing skills.
Devise recruitment strategies and develop tactical plans to complete recruitment projects.
Research, develop and manage recruiting and internship programs.
Attend recruitment events to market and brand the agency among jobseekers.
July 2014 participated and delivered a presentation to the Recruitment Consortium at/for DCPAS on the topic of "Generational Differences
in the Workplace".
Attend recruitment events to market and brand the agency among jobseekers Program Management- Effectively and successfully
implemented a non-paid internship program for the agency, which will be available agency wide internship FY-15.
Successfully established a non-paid internship with the onboarding of (20+) participants into the intern program since 2014.
Create, develop and presented managers with briefings and presentations regarding the internship program.Develop and present recruitment presentations, Handbooks for Student Hires, Advertisements and other mass communications for internal
and external sources.
Request "eQuip" and drug testing for participants in the internship program.
Develop a database to track the distribution of marketing materials at various events for reporting and metrics.
In 2015 successfully launched the agency's 1st ever Shadow Day Program, in which 6 student participants from Bowie State University
were selected to spend the day with us and Shadow some of our agencies leading professionals.
In 2016 the Shadow Day program grew to support more than 19 students from 4 different colleges and universities.
Due to the success and popularity of the program, I was awarded a Performance Award and nominated as Employee of the 2nd Quarter.
Social Media Management- Created and maintained the Human Capital Management Office Facebook and Twitter accounts to further
brand the agency and promote job opportunities through social media.
These 2 social media accounts were created to further expand our outreach to Gen X'ers and Millennial's that utilize social media as a
means to learn about career opportunities and employers.
Collaborated with other internal and external entities to complete various recruitment and staffing projects.
Research various internship programs to design the current internship program for the agency.
Planned, managed and effectively devised strategies to re-establish the agency's Paid Student Internship Program (PSIP) with agency Senior
Leaders, Recruitment Manager and Lead to ensure a successful program launch.
Plan, organize and evaluate the success of the programs and the participants experience and development through surveys and evaluations
to ensure the program meet all important benchmarks.
HR Policy Advisement- Provided well researched information and guidance regarding recruitment/staffing policies to managers and other
customers when requested.
Consult and advise hiring managers onpossible HR hiring authorities and flexibilities when recruiting and staffing for open positions.
Establish partnerships with colleges and universities across the country to better expand our student outreach program and recruit to
students as well as target underrepresented groups, for possible internship and full-time career developmental positions.
Research and brief team members on the latest Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) which would meet the demand and need of our
Recruitment Office while streamlining the application process.
Create articles for HCMO newsletters and ACCESS magazine.
Devise and create marketing packages and campaigns.
Create SOP's for future Recruitment Office training and development.
Additional duties include assisting with the development and executions of the Take Your Kid to Work Day project in April 2014.
Developed and implemented an agency Shadow Day Program which has grown over the course of 2 years.
The program has gained the recognition and support of many of the agencies leaders and staff.
Key Results:.
Played a key role in ensuring the successful launch of Sometown office.
Structured and implemented programs and policies in the areas of training, compensation structures, benefits packages, incentives and new-
employee orientation.
Fostered a teamwork environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.
Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind branch's employee-retention rate of 89% within an industry where high turnover is the
norm.
Negotiated approximately 50 salary offers and dozens of sign-on bonuses/relocation packages annually at both the exempt and nonexempt
level.
Brought workers' compensation program into full compliance.
Instituted preferred providers list and trained managers and associates on procedures to follow in case of injury.
Cut benefits costs by 16% by negotiating favorable contracts and ensuring that company did not pay for benefits for which employees were
ineligible.
Wrote employee manual covering company policies, disciplinary procedures, code of conduct, FMLA policy and benefits information.
Introduced company's first formal performance review program, creating a flexible and well-received tool that was later adopted company-
wide.
Revised job descriptions across all levels and 25+ categories.
Shadowed" and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position.
HR Assistant
 
10/2011
 
to 
09/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide effective and timely customer and technical support in delegated examining and staffing processes.Â 
Drafted job analysis and job announcement for Wage Grade and General Schedule positions.
Responsible for reviewing and pre-audits of delegated examining case files.
Advised Senior HR Specialists and hiring managers on available policies and hiring flexibilities available within delegated examining and
Code of Federal Regulations.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts (BA)
 
: 
Broadcast and Print Journalism
 
05/1998
 
St. Augustine's University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Broadcast and Print Journalism 3.4
Masters of Business Administration
 
: 
Human Resources Management
 
05/2016
 
St. Leo University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Human Resources Management 3.4
Activities and Honors
Alpha Kappa Mu Honor Society, Special Emphasis Committee, 2015 Defense Security Service Employee of the Quarter Nominee, 2015 On-
the-Spot Cash Award for Developing and Conducting Agency Shadow ProgramSkills
Agency marketing and branding, Human Resource Management, Human Resources, critical and analytical thinking, Leadership
Development,Â Lead HRÂ Special Project, research and development, event organizer, journalism