HR CONSULTANT
Summary
Certified Human Resources Professional with 15 years background in full range of HR functions with extensive experience in employee
management, hiring, training 
State and Federal compliance and the ability to incorporate HR practices to achieve business results.
Highlights
Training and development
Recruiting
Exceptional interpersonal skills
Manager coaching and training
Performance management
Employment law compliance
Employee relations
Accomplishments
Established HR infrastructure as companies transitioned from small to mid-size.
Trained HR staff in proper creation and retention of HR documentation
Instituted Performance Management process with supporting training and follow-up.
Supported Company through change management during and after acquisition.
Implemented process for leave management incorporating the complex interaction of FMLA, CFRA, ADAAA and PDL.
Experience
HR Consultant
 
July 2014
 
to 
December 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Partnered with legal department of multi-state client (40,000+ employees) to establish ADAAA and other workplace compliance. Identified and
updated a backlog of LOA and accommodation issues.
Human Resource Specialist
 
August 2008
 
to 
June 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Human resources advisor to a diverse group of clients from various industries, delivering customized HR service solutions that positively
impact client business and ensure compliance with State and Federal laws.
Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance.Designed the employee performance evaluation process and
merit program.Created and implemented the exit and interview program process.Advised top management on appropriate employee
corrective actions.Created and modified job descriptions within all departments.Worked with senior-level management to create fair and
consistent HR policies and procedures.Worked with HR advisors and HR representatives on establishing consistent hiring practices.Created
and managed more than [Number] confidential personnel records.Guided clients on how to conduct background checks and verify
references.Developed more than [Number] employee handbooks, including design and layout.Facilitated monthly meetings to develop
strategies that would positively influence workplace relationships.Conducted an average of [Number] employee exit interviews per
year.Processed all salary changes stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.Processed all salary changes
stemming from merit increases, promotions, bonuses and pay adjustments.Guided the startup and management of all HR operations,
systems and programs for a new location within the company.Led a weekly open enrollment question and answer session with employees
on benefit program updates.Supported [Number] employees at all levels, including executive leadership.Recruited and interviewed
[Number] applicants per [Time period].Increased the employee base by [Number]% to meet changing staffing needs.Implemented an
innovative employee incentive program, which resulted in a [Number]% increase in staff productivity.Directed [Initiative] to maximize
[Positive outcome].Answered employee questions regarding [Topic] and [Topic] and resolved any issues.Advised managers on
organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes.Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward
organizational objectives.Directed personnel, training and labor relations activities.Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and
selected applicants.Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts
and helping resolve work-related problems.
Worked directly with small business owners and start-up companies to build, redefine and update HR department to support organization's
strategic goals and objectives. Provided liability management training to supervisors and managers. Created and implemented interview and
selection, performance management, succession planning processes. Utilized HR Metrics to support creative solutions for Human Capital
Management.
Provide guidance on compliance as well as design programs to attract, retain and grow staff.
Manage ER matters to provide conflict resolution and mitigate liability.
Human Resource Generalist
 
April 2007
 
to 
April 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Partnered with managers to interpret and implement company policy, providing insight and guidance on employment law in order to maintain
consistency and compliance. Provided coaching and counsel in the areas of employee relations, performance management and corrective
actions. Acted as liaison between managers, employees and centralized HR functions during implementation of organizational process
changes. Identified issues and proposed changes that challenge the status quo to align growth with corporate goals. Considered SME
(subject matter expert) for Leaves of Absences, Workers Compensation and I-9 compliance. "Go-to" person for HR staff.Created and implemented processes for rectification of compliance issues.
Worked closely with corporate benefits in order to implement new leave process.
Developed materials to guide employees through newly implemented processes.
Human Resources Coordinator
 
January 2003
 
to 
January 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Partnered with managers and supervisors in order to provide HR support for 3 sites in Southern California, with over 600 employees.
Managed all LOA including FMLA, CFRA and PDL to ensure compliance with State and Federal regulations and company policies.
Provide coaching and counseling in the areas of compliance, employee relations, disciplinary actions and review process.
Worked closely with the VP and legal department to respond to EDD, FEHA and company hotline complaints. Successfully avoided
litigation by consistent practice and clear documentation.
Conducted investigations, documented and determined appropriate resolution.
Proactively determined training needs and created programs to develop workforce for anticipated technology, reducing staff turnover,
increasing productivity and quality.
Developed screening matrix for government funded training program resulting in 100% successful completion and overall improvement in
workforce.
Supported Distribution center with all HR related needs during automation, including change management and department restructure and
compensation structure.
Working member of implementation team for Oracle HR.
Provided staffing and recruiting support for positions ranging from hourly to technical specialties.
Conducted market analysis using compensation surveys to ensure equity for employees.
Calculated quarterly and annual bonuses per multiple national and international programs.
Maintained training record to comply with ISO9001 audits.
Resolved employee issues with payroll and Benefits.
Conducted New Hire orientation, Sexual Harassment Prevention and other training as required.
Administered review process for non-exempt and exempt employees.
Evaluated, selected and built relations with vendors resulting in 50% reduced cost and better service. Provided support for HR department
and coordinate all on-site and off-site events. Interacted with workers' compensation and medical facilities to facilitate claims resolution.
Maintained FMLA and WC documents and logs. Worked closely with VP of HR on matters ranging from creation of new awards program
to facility closures. Compiled and filed OSHA and AQMD reports per requirements.
Administrative Assistant
 
January 2000
 
to 
January 2001
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Provided general support for the HR department and director of HR. Responsible
for all company events, recreation programs, answering general benefits inquiries and ensuring completion of all paperwork.
Education
B.S.
 
: 
Pharmacology
 
University of Dundee
B.S., Pharmacology, University of Dundee, Scotland
Certifications
PHR , GPHR
SHRM-SCP - Senior Certified Professional
Professional Affiliations
Society of Human Resources Managers (SHRM) and PIHRA
Skills