SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
Experience
Company Name
 
June 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Senior Accountant
 
City
 
, 
State
Prepare quarterly and annual financial statements for 17 multi-family communities for distribution to investors and financial institutions.
Reconcile and account for all activity on the income statement and balance sheet including cash, fixed assets, derivatives, equity, and
property debt.
Coordinate and review work of external audit firms.
Initiate capital calls and distributions for investors.
Manage budgets and construction loan activity for approximately $100,000,000 in active construction projects in FL, MA, and MD.
Company Name
 
March 2010
 
to 
June 2011
 
Associate Fund Controller
 
City
 
, 
State
Performed quarterly and annual close procedures for MSREF (Morgan Stanley Real Estate Funds) 6I, the largest international real estate
investment fund to date with $8 billion of partnership assets, and draft financial statements distributed directly to fund investors.
Lead quarterly management fee process by performing work to draft approximately $14,000,000 in bills to fund Partners.
Develop work plan to ensure deadlines are met, test results, delegate work to other Fund Controllers, and perform detailed review of their
work.
Lead MSREF 6I initiative to implement reinvestment of proceeds (ROP) methodology to reallocate approximately $120,000,000 in cash
to-date amongst investments with deficient cash balances to cover contributions and expenses.
Write formulas to analyze cash movement in Microsoft Excel and assist four Information Technology Vice Presidents in programming the
partner capital sub ledger system to calculate the movement and test results.
Wrote standard operating procedures memo for ROP to train team members.
Company Name
 
June 2007
 
to 
March 2010
 
Advisory, Forensic and Audit Associate
 
City
 
, 
State
Performed research to locate red flags in numerous potential fraudulent mortgages at one of the largest bank failures in U.S.
history.
Developed writing skills by drafting over forty memorandums that summarized potential fraud in loans that were presented to multiple
agencies of the Government.
Wrote a thirty-five page corporate intelligence narrative explaining personal and Professional relationships of an individual under
investigation.
These tasks assisted the FBI in arresting the individual, suspected of orchestrating a two billion dollar mortgage fraud scheme.
Performed substantive test work, analytical procedures, and testing of controls at multiple audit clients, including leading the sales and
inventory test work of an international company with approximately one billion in annual sales.
Audited cash, receivables, investments, inventory, payables, property, debt, equity, revenue, cost of goods sold, and expenses.
Analyzed audit client's major accounting processes, identified control weaknesses, and recommended solutions and improvements.
Worked on multiple phases, including fraud investigations and data analytics, of a high profile engagement involving the largest natural
disaster relief fund in United States history and was the first to analyze, discuss, and research a series of fraud allegations received from an
anonymous telephone hotline that lead to a new, lasting client relationship with the Federal government.
Analyzed a series of bank accounts owned by over twenty customers of a large, domestic bank to determine the amount of funds stolen and
trace illicit transfers made by a bank employee from each account in a multi-million dollar fraud scheme.
August 2006
 
to 
May 2007
 
Accounting Tutor 
Sole Proprietorship
 
City
 
, 
State
Held private sessions to teach financial accounting to over 25 individual client needs and wrote practice questions which resulted in grade
improvement amongst all clients, including one who increased his exam performance by 35 percentage points after sessions.
Education
EMORY UNIVERSITY, Goizueta Business School
 
5 2007
 
Bachelor of Business Administration
 
: 
Accounting
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.63/4.0
GPA: 3.77/4.0
 
Accounting GPA: 3.63/4.0 GPA: 3.77/4.0
Interests
Fulton County CASA Board of Directors Member, Treasurer. 
Plan fund raisers, review budget and financial statements, and supervise CASA
staff in not-for-profit organization that trains volunteers to mentor children being pulled from their homes through the Fulton County court system
for abuse and neglect. 
CPA, Hold an active Georgia license and scored between 87 and 93 out of a possible 99 on each of the four sections of the
CPA exam. CFE, Certified Fraud Examiner, which
Skills
accounting, balance sheet, budgets, client, clients, derivatives, drafting, equity, financial, financial accounting, financial statements, fixed assets,
Funds, Government, Information Technology, inventory, investments, ledger, MA, Microsoft Excel, natural, page, payables, processes,
programming, Real Estate, research, sales, scheme, telephone, writing skills
Additional Information
COMMUNITY SERVICE, CERTIFICATIONS AND AWARDS Fulton County CASA Board of Directors Member, Treasurer. 
Planfund raisers, review budget and financial statements, and supervise CASA staff in not-for-profit organization that trains volunteers to mentor
children being pulled from their homes through the Fulton County court system for abuse and neglect. CPA, Hold an active Georgia license
and scored between 87 and 93 out of a possible 99 on each of the four sections of the CPA exam. CFE, Certified Fraud Examiner, which
requires passing four exams and two years work experience in preventing and detecting fraud. Recipient, 2007 John R. Jones Accounting
Award. 
Given annually by vote of Emory University Professors to recognize the top performing senior year student in academia, community
involvement, and character. Recipient, 2006 Ben Pius Award. 
Awarded by Emory Professors to recognize exceptional achievements by the
highest performing junior year accounting student at Emory University.