BANKING CENTER MANAGER, ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT
Summary
Hands-on, dependable, dedicated team coach, who is goal directed as well as quality and detail conscious. 
Extensive passion toward developing
employees to their fullest potential. 
Maintains a high degree of energetic leadership, problem-solving, planning and team building skills that lead to
successful sales teams.
Highlights
Established track record of exceptional sales results.
Advocate of continuous education.
Excellent communication skills.
Compelling leadership skills.
Resolution oriented.
Enthusiastic and Effective Leadership style.
Accomplishments
Currently standing at highest percentage achieved for banking center goals in 2014.
Top 10% Banking Center in 2013 for Comerica Bank, Michigan Market.
Developed two under-performing Banking Centers into top performing offices in 2011-2012 and 2012-Present Day.
 Â 
Top performing Assistant Manager Statewide for Comerica Bank in 2010.
Experience
01/2012
 
to 
Current
Banking Center Manager, Assistant Vice President
Comerica Bank (Brooklyn Office) Promote the importance of higher education and assist employees with steps to achieve such goals.
Nominated as a Banking Center Manager Mentor for new and existing colleague onboarding process.
Directly manage the human resource processes for employees, including selection, training, performance management, individual career
development and retention.
Designated management trainer for first time Assistant Manager and Personal Bankers.
Created and established a successful training program for new management personal after corporate program was eliminated.
Develop and manage high-performing employees through positive and professional relationship team building skills.
Hold weekly sales meetings, and daily debriefs pertaining to sales goals and operation changes.
Utilize all sales tools; including profiling customer's needs through the use of various technologies, including generating business from call
center leads.
Exceed Corporates budgeting fee collection expectation.
01/2011
 
to 
01/2012
Banking Center Manager, First Level Officer
Comerica Bank (Grass Lake Office) Lead and direct sales, quality customer service and business development activities to achieve targeted
results in the categories of deposits and customer relationship growth, customer retention, revenue, market share, and customer and
employee satisfaction.
Actively coach and model behaviors concerning sales and services.
Educate staff on corporate and operational changes and reinforce the benefits.
Responsible for overall leadership of sales management and success of Banking Center.
Complete financial assessments on clientele, analyze their needs and make professional banking recommendations based off of assessments.
Proactively develop and maintain relationships with business partners.
04/2005
 
to 
01/2011
Banking Center Assistant Manager
 
Company Name
Select, develop and retain a diverse team of high performing individuals.
Lead by example and educate staff in the areas of: extraordinary customer experience, service excellence, and thorough knowledge of
products and services.
Coach and mentor individual development processes for assigned employees, including on the job training, career development, team
development and ensure successful employee retention.
Proactive behavior has led to consistently meeting and exceeding individual sales goals.Banking Center Licensed Financial Specialist with a proven successful background in conservative investment alternatives for retail client.
Responsible for continual banking center training in all federal, state and local laws and regulations and to ensure completion of required
coursework annually.
Ensure staff is thoroughly trained on consumer compliance, transaction authorities, and up to date on fraud awareness.
Maintain human resource records and administer disciplinary action employees.
Actively participate in community events and planning of events that assist with company branding and recognition.
Actively recruited and oversaw training for all new branch employees.Developed the annual branch business plan for maximum profitability and
effectiveness.
01/2002
 
to 
01/2005
Michigan Regional Account Manager
 
Company Name
Develop presentations to target top-producing agents and secure commitment and follow up with commitments and monitor percentage
attainment of stated goals.
Educate real estate agents on products and services available that would provide financial assistance with the transition of their new home
owners in the event of any immediate mechanical failures.
Strong knowledge of residential real estate law demonstrated through instructing an accredited continuing education course for realtors in the
issue pertaining to risk management.
Maintain marketing concessions and monitor their use judiciously while adhering to contract and call center policies.
Mediate unresolved claims between consumer and Home Security of America through extensive negotiations.
Present Home Security of America's message to individual agents and brokers, as a part of maintaining existing relationships as well as
prospecting new clients through warm and cold calling.
Expand client referral base through networking groups: Michigan Board of Realtors; Western Wayne Board of Realtors; Lansing Board of
Realtors and Oakland Board of Realtors.
Education
1 2012
Principles of Accounting-Jackson College (2013) Communication and Social/Organizational Change-Central Michigan University Graduate
Program (2013) Introduction to Probability and Statistics-Jackson College (2012) Human Resource Management-Central Michigan University
Graduate Program (2012). Organizational Dynamics and Human Behavior-Central Michigan University Graduate Program
1 2002
Bachelor of Science
 
Michigan State University
Skills
Accounting, Assistant Manager, banking, benefits, branding, budgeting, business development, call center, Coach, cold calling, clientele, client,
clients, customer service, direct sales, Financial, Human Resource, instructing, team building, leadership, team development, law, marketing,
market, mechanical, meetings, Mentor, Office, negotiations, networking, Organizational, performance management, policies, presentations,
processes, producing, quality, real estate, retail, risk management, sales, sales management, Statistics, trainer
Additional Information
Licenses: NMLS (2012-Present) Series 6 and 63 (2009) Life Insurance (2008) Michigan Real Estate (2004) Property and Casualty
(2003)
Professional Affiliations
Brooklyn Irish Hills Chamber Member (2012-Present). Grass Lake Regional Chamber- Member (2011). Grass Lake Regional Golf Outing
Committee (2011, 2012). Grass Lake Regional-Board of Directors Member (2011, 2012). Head of Manchester Area Chamber of Commerce
Activity Committee (2007-2010). Manchester Chicken Broil Event Volunteer (2007-2010, 2014). Manchester Area Chamber Golf Outing-
Committee Member (2007-2010). Manchester Area Youth Soccer Association-Volunteer Coach (2010). Co-Chair for March of Dimes-
Comerica Bank Team (2007-2008).