REGISTERED CLIENT SERVICE ASSOCIATE
Summary
To obtain a position where my years of experience in the client support environment and proven track record of maintaining and developing new
businesses can be fully utilized. Results-oriented, high-energy, hands-on professional, with a successful record of accomplishments in client
support. 
Major strengths include strong leadership, excellent communication skills, strong team player, attention to detail, compliance in all
regulated environment and supervisory skills.
Skills
Microsoft Word for Windows, Excel, Power Point, Access, Adobe PageMaker 6.5, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Visio, Unix, Oracle 9i
and Developer 2000.
Experience
Registered Client Service Associate
 
06/2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Serve as primary contact to investment clients and prospects.
Provide all operational services and support for client accounts.
Provide Financial Advisors with presentations and seminars, aide in the implementation of marketing materials for prospects.
Referring clients to other lines of banking division to enhance the relationship.
Work with Financial Advisors to efficiently manage their book of business to increase their revenue for the bank.
Conduct monthly audits to make sure that client objectives are in consideration with the investments being offered by the brokers.
Work directly with the Financial Advisors to manage their book of business worth 40 million.
Relationship Banker II
 
06/2004
 
to 
06/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Serve as primary contact to retail, commercial, and prospect clients.
New account opening and cross sale of other banking products and services.
Referring identified client needs to other lines of banking divisions.
Proactively cold calling the clients to introduce the new products and services to increase branch revenue.
Conduct meetings with commercial bankers and introduce the banking products to the commercial clients to enhance the banking
relationship.
Accomplishments.
Ranked in top 10 among 82 reps for 7 straight years, exceeding sales quotas a month.
Winner of best sales representative of the year reward 3 straight years and first quarter in 2011.
Increased branch non-interest income by 10% with the sale of banking products and excellent client service skills.
Increased the loan portfolio for the branch by $800,000 within 7 months.
Increased net deposit portfolio for the branch by $1.7 million for the quarter by proven sales skills.
Training new hires and branch personals to be experts in their job performance to be successful in the company.
Private Banker
 
01/2003
 
to 
01/2004
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Conduct outside sales calls to bring in new business.
Performing operational tasks of the branch that includes reconciliation and monitoring of Federal Reserve account.
Opening new consumer, business accounts and creating CIF's, entering new accounts in the system using Impact.
Performing many tasks using Impact such as change of address, customer account information, posting stop payments, and loan information.
Assisted in reception handling high volume customer calls.
Technical Writer/ Web Developer
 
01/2000
 
to 
01/2002
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsibilities include creating, editing and verifying product and service documentation.
Documentation types include: hardware and software user and service manuals, online help and tutorials,
programming/configuration/installation documents, requirement documents and reference documents.
Work out various researches for giving the accurate description of the erection, installation, removal as well as maintenance of different
genres of hardware.
Supply wiring figures outlines along with part breakdown sketches for illustrations.
Scripting interactive on-line help and tutorial packages.
Installation and maintenance of computer, security, and telecommunications systems.
Education and Training
B.S
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
2001
 
Strayer University
 
Computer Information Systems
1997
 
Northern Virginia Community College
 
DBA Training, Completed First DBA exam in India
Series 7-General Securities Registered Representative
 
2016
Skills
Dreamweaver, Adobe PageMaker 6.5, Adobe Photoshop, banking, book, cold calling, hardware, client, clients, DBA, Documentation, editing,
Financial, investments, marketing materials, meetings, Access, Excel, Power Point, Windows, Microsoft Word, online help, Oracle 9, Developer
2000, outside sales, presentations, programming, reception, requirement, retail, sales skills, sales, Securities, seminars, Scripting,
telecommunications, Unix, Visio, wiring