MIDDLE SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
Executive Profile
To obtain the job that continues to expand my administrative experience working with staff, students and parents to develop a shared vision and
leading school community in achieving those goals. I firmly believe that all children deserve to have every opportunity to learn in a positive,
supportive environment as well as have a multitude of opportunities to discover and explore areas of interest helping them to develop into a well-
rounded individual who will succeed in the twenty-first century. 
I believe that true leaders exhibit habits of mind and model the expectations they
have of their employees. I believe two critical components of successful leadership are positive relationships and transparency.
Skill Highlights
Leadership/communication skills
Human resources
Employee relations
Self-motivated
Customer-oriented
Training and Development
Team Player
Organizational Skills
Performance Evaluations
Core Accomplishments
MS/HS Language Arts and Psychology Teacher At-Risk Program Coordinator North Central Accreditation Team Building Co-
Chairperson Editor of the district's newsletter, Signal Student Council Advisor Odyssey of the Mind Coach Cheerleading Coach MS Track
Coach CURRICULA, ASSESSMENT AND DATA MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING Training in current state laws
and regulations for public and special education.
Trainings in current state laws and regulations on evaluation, Teachers' Tenure Act, and corrective discipline with employees.
Implemented The Thoughtful Classroom Teacher Evaluation System, MCEE pilot program with University of Michigan.
Principals' NCLB and Title I Boot Camp.
Extensive training in best instructional practices in the classroom, including Superintendents in the Classroom, Research on the Adolescent
Brain and how it impacts the classroom, 21st century skills in the classroom, and Nonviolent Crisis Intervention.
Classroom observation and evaluation training including, Three Minute Classroom Walk-through, Classroom Walk-through, Charlotte
Danielson, and The Thoughtful Classroom Teacher.
Using data to drive instruction in the classroom, including Data 4 Student Success, National Middle School Conference, Data Teams, and
Summer Learning and Data Retreat.
Professional Development in becoming a successful building leader in education, including Cognitive Coaching, Second Order Change and
Distributive Leadership, How Leadership Influences Student Learning, In Search of School Leadership, Cultivating a Climate of Change,
and Teacher Leader Skills.
Student transition from the middle school to the high school.
Determining, implementing and monitoring school improvement processes, goals and activities.
Framework for Understanding Poverty and how to work with families and students living with such circumstances.
Implementing and monitoring reading and writing workshops in the secondary classroom through using Lucy Calkins, Daily 5, Café, John
Collins Writing program and Reading Apprenticeship: Rethinking Secondary Literacy Strategies in the Classroom.
School Safety Training with Emmett Township and Calhoun County Sherriff Departments Harper Creek Middle School has met AYP every
year.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
July 2008
 
to 
June 2015
 
Middle School Principal
 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised and evaluated certified and non-certified staff.
Implemented a pilot program from the MCEE for a new staff evaluation model.
Supervised general and special education teachers and maintained accountability for meeting legal expectations for students with an IEP,
504, Title I services, or at-risk services.
Planned and implemented 
book studies with the MS teachers: What Great Teachers Do Differently, by Todd Whitaker 2008 Jigsaw format
from multiple resources on differentiation 2009 Effective Grading Practices, by Doug Reeves 2011 A Framework for Understanding
Poverty, by Ruby Payne 2012 Mentored teachers, counselors, social workers, student support specialists and a vice principal.
Provided professional development and classroom support for the use of district and building curricula, including Lucy Calkins, Daily 5,
CMP, BCAMSC Kits, and John Collins Writing.
Empowered staff to work on school improvement teams and professional learning communities focusing on using student data to drive
instructional decisions.
Analyzed student data and facilitated instructional decisions based on the data with MS teachers.
Developed and maintained a culture focused on student learning.
Communicated with parents regarding academic, behavioral and emotional issues regarding their students.
Supervised and maintained the athletic program at HCMS.
Planned educational meetings for parents regarding curriculum and social issues facing their children.
Facilitated a Title I audit and met requirements for the changes required.
Mediated and resolved student issues between students and staff.
Participated as a contributing member of the Administrative Team including, but not limited to district professional development.
Collaboratively worked with staff to design and implement varied interventions blending the RTI model and a new middle school schedule
servicing children identified as at-risk.Worked with staff to develop a differentiated instructional approach to teaching and learning within the classrooms.
Company Name
 
August 2005
 
to 
July 2008
 
Assistant Middle School Principal
 
City
 
, 
State
Evaluated certified and non-certified staff.
Supervised multiple extra-curricular activities for middle school students.
Assisted in planning and implementing transition activities for blending fifth and sixth grade teachers, students, and families to the middle
school.
Assisted in planning and implementing school improvement and professional development for MS staff.
Supervised special education teachers and maintained accountability for meeting legal expectations of IEP.
Educated students and families on the academic and behavioral expectations for students while at the middle school.
Handled student and staff disciplinary issues.
Worked cooperatively with multiple employees in the district.
Provided professional development for district bus drivers on how to build positive relationships with students in order to establish and
maintain behavioral expectations while transporting students.
Company Name
 
June 1999
 
to 
July 2005
 
High School Language Arts Teacher
 
City
 
, 
State
K-12 Career Preparation Coordinator.
Coordinator of HS At-Risk Programming.
Freshmen Class Advisor.
Company Name
 
August 1994
 
to 
June 1999
 
Student Government Advisor
 
City
 
, 
State
School Improvement Team Committee Chairperson.
OEA Negotiating Team member.
Education
Western Michigan University
 
December 2000
 
Master of Arts
 
: 
Educational Leadership
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Educational Leadership
Hillsdale College
 
May 1993
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
English and Psychology
 
City
 
, 
State
 
English and Psychology
Secondary Teaching Certificate
Interests
Advanced Math 7 and Algebra I added to MS Curriculum Lego Robotics 
Girls on the Run National Junior Honor Society HCMS participates in
American Heart Association's Red Out Game Additional Clubs added at middle school: Football, Lacrosse, and Competitive Cheerleading
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE Girls on the Run, Calhoun County, MI American Heart Association, Kalamazoo, MI
Professional Affiliations
Michigan Association of Secondary School Principals National Association of Secondary School Principals Association Supervision for
Curriculum Development Harper Creek Optimist Club
Additional Information
Advanced Math 7 and Algebra I added to MS Curriculum Lego Robotics 
Girls on the Run National Junior Honor Society HCMS
participates in American Heart Association's Red Out Game Additional Clubs added at middle school: Football, Lacrosse, and Competitive
Cheerleading VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE Girls on the Run, Calhoun County, MI American Heart Association, Kalamazoo, MI
Skills
academic, Administrative, approach, book, drivers, legal, meetings, Negotiating, Programming, Teaching