PROFESSIONAL HEALTHCARE REPRESENTATIVE
Career Focus
Experienced Healthcare Representative Seeking Pharmaceutical Sales Opportunity An experienced Sales Representative with a Unique
compliment of Business to Business sales experience and customer development with proven ability to drive revenues. Innovative thinker with
excellent communication and interpersonal skills, a demonstrated leader with a record of overcoming challenges to positively impact revenues in a
competitive marketplace. A team player with impeccable individual work ethic committed to success.
Professional Experience
Professional Healthcare Representative
 
January 2007
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Utilized understanding of necessary disease states to deliver strong technical and scientific presentations to influence customers the ST.
Louis market to increase prescriptions for products such as Toviaz, Viagra, Chantix, Spiriva, Lipitor, Caduet, Exubera, Pristiq, and
Premarin Vaginal Cream.
Maintained knowledge of current trends in industry including Meaningful Use, ACO and PCMHs.
Met established call averages and expectations to achieve sales performance expectations.
Executed targeted territory analysis of highest prescribing physicians to increase NRx and achieve second place finish in Little Blue Pill Big
Green Contest 2014 Established partnership/relationships with critical customer groups for a current 13/57 place rank with Viagra in 2014.
Maximized resource utilization, customer focus, and strong technical knowledge to pull through key brand, Viagra, to achieve a 50% exit
share in 2013 and 2014 Demonstrated tremendous business acumen, leadership, and strong, technical selling skills as Viagra Field Faculty
member in 2014 to ensure Cluster 1colleagues successful promotion of Viagra.
Evaluated Participants on Sales Call Evaluations, participated in Virtual Classroom training as a Guest Trainer to provide leadership and
best practices Contributed to team success by collaborating with other teams within the region to maximize field time impact and thus lead to
a 105% attainment with Viagra in 2013.
Executed Total Office Call in limited access offices to meet regional reach and frequency resulting in a 19/57 finish in 2013.
Recipient of the 2012 Regional Performance Discretionary Fund that was established to allow State and Regional Managers to award top
performers who have consistently demonstrated their commitment to excellence.
Analyzed data and managed territory to effectively target high prescribing physicians achieving the highest TRx Volume growth for Chantix,
and Toviaz, to secure the first place finish in the Regional Cluster A Home Run Derby Contest in 2010.
Winner of the March Madness District Contest in 2010 for outstanding sales performance of Lipitor and Chantix.
Achieved the greatest TRX volume for Lipitor and Toviaz in the Forward Motion regional contest.
3 Time Quarterly Award Winner with sales goals to finish in top 20% of the company in 2010.
Vice President
 
January 1999
 
to 
January 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Core focus was analyzing customer needs to effectively establish and develop customer base leading to an increase in revenues by 
24% in
2004, 41% in 2005 and 35% in 2006.
Marketed courier solutions to the St.
Louis Metro area and managed the entire sales cycle, including, key presentations to senior level management, working directly with clients
to establish and sustain competitive pricing and closing sales.
Gained invaluable experience developing a small business from concept-learning to overcome challenges unique to creating market presence
with no recognition and quickly developing client trust.
Launched a corporate presence within new sectors and established major clients including, SSM Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital,
Washington University, St.
Louis University, McCarthy Building Company and Colliers Turley Martin & Tucker & Clayco Construction.
Tenure exemplified by the ability to quickly learn and incorporate new concepts and technology based on customer needs.
Managed low-cost marketing campaigns building strong awareness despite limited budget.
Formed a strategic alliance with the St.
Louis Minority Business Council to achieve local awareness and network with "hard to see" clients.
Researched market trends to assess the need for e-commerce capability and initiated changes to incorporate an online order system creating
a competitive advantage, reducing operating costs and improving customer service.
73% of customers switched to the system within 2 years.
Initiated creative sales strategies to lead to a 136% increase in revenues after 3 years.
Managed daily routes and schedules for a team of 7 delivery drivers.
Conducted various HR functions including interviewing and maintaining appropriate paperwork for independent contractors and employees.
Education
Master of Business Administration
 
: 
Human Resource Development and Management
 
, 
1 2006
 
Webster University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.6
Recipient of the Anthony and Kim Thompson Outstanding Student Award
 
Human Resource Development and Management GPA: 3.6 Recipient
of the Anthony and Kim Thompson Outstanding Student Award
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Psychology Communications
 
, 
1 1999
 
Southwest Missouri State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Psychology Communications
Skills
budget, closing, competitive, concept, Council, client, clients, customer service, delivery, drivers, e-commerce, focus, HR, leadership, marketing,
market, access, Office, network, presentations, pricing, promotion, selling, Sales, scientific, strategic, Trainer, unique