FINANCE OPERATIONS/ SUPERVISOR MANAGER
Professional Summary
Looking for a position as Manager in a company that provides an open environment with many opportunities for continuous growth.I am highly
motivated achiever who is recognized for combining program excellence, integrity, and innovation with best practices and disciplined attention to
achieving immediate and long-term goals and objectives
Core Qualifications
Microsoft Office 2010 Window XP (Word, Power Point, Excel, Access), Vista, People Soft, Ensemble,
Vantive/Newt, Agent Works, Web Client, TotalView/IEX, Internet Explorer, 1SourceCenter
Connect,ICare , Call Support Tools. Amdocs, Exony &Cisco systems ,10-key by touch:
Strong leadership skills
Exceptional at resolving
complex problems
Excellent communication skills
both verbal and written
Good at presentations and
conducting trainings for
employees
Energetic, creative, and great
ability to motivate others
Great interpersonal skills and
the ability to resolve customer
complaints and internal
conflicts
Time-management and multi-
tasking skills
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Finance Operations/ Supervisor Manager
 
09/1999
 
to 
02/2012
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Customer Relations Manager 
03/2012
 
to 
Current
Supervise and manage the daily operations of employees.
Successfully led key projects which resulted in employee of the month.Monitor employee performance to ensure goals and objectives are
met and/or exceed and that quality control techniques are utilized by each employee.
Responsible for customer satisfaction and the implementation performance and service standards related to Sprint Nextel Direct Service.
Prepare daily reports of key milestones as management tool to ensure that performance levels for each employee are properly documented
for use during the mid-year and annual evaluations.
Ensure new hires are familiar with the day to day administrative operations of the organization and have all the necessary tools to perform
daily tasks efficiently and effectively.
Field questions when necessary.
Counsel employees on defining career and work related goals and objectives.
Advise employees when necessary of opportunities and/or training that would enhance career opportunities at the company.
Knowledge of principles and processes for providing good customer and personal service.
Developed yearly and monthly team building actives for employees and upper management.
Responsible for tracking customer claim information in system database and negotiating resolution of complaints that can be handled on the
local level.
Processed complaints resulted in 95% resolution to the satisfaction of both the customer and the company.
Assist customers with routine requests, questions, and concerns regarding various store policies and their accounts.
Research billing inquiries to ensure customers receive the best service possible.
Work in conjunction with upper management/ director to identify performance gaps and develop departmental budget and controls in the
operations.
Provide written and verbal feedback regarding work results.
Develop and implement processes and/or operational improvements to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of the 
operations.
Ensure that productivity meets or exceed service and quality standards.
Successfully developed and implemented several creative employee incentives for processing regional, government and corporate
collections and establishing new accounts.
Successfully refined and implemented new projects focused on aiding the Center in processing collections more efficiently and effectively
closing gaps in process.
Prepare daily reports of collection and customer care receipt transactions and disbursements.
Reconcile daily accounts payable, accounts receivable and cash receipt transactions in general ledger.
Ensure that all monetary transactions are properly documented.
Review and monitor reports as required (i.e., daily time sheets, budgets, etc.).
Interface with other business units to ensure timely completion of work.
Outstanding interpersonal, motivational and presentation Driving business decisions.
Can think strategically in order to create a vision and set company direction.
Generating innovative ideas that are cost-effective ensuring profitability to the company.
Implementing change in the work process to optimize productivity.Presenting the monthly performance in the monthly review meetings.
Ensuring that the employees adhere to the company's rules and are in sync with the company's mission and value.
Delegating tasks to the subordinates.
Negotiate and manage agreements through business contract process.
Managing client relationships to build a reputation for excellent service and generate repeat business Informed the customers about the
advantages and ease of use of credit cards the company offers.
Education
Early CHildhood education/ computer Science. 
1996 Certificate in Early Childhood Education
 
:
 
Early Childhood Education 
1995
 
Community C
COLLEGE OF DENVER
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Certificate in Early Childhood Education
 
:
 
Early Childhood Education
 
1996
 
EMILY GRIFFITH OPPORTUNITY SCHOOL
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Diploma
 
:
 
General Studies
 
1993
 
GEORGE WASHINGTON HIGH SCHOOL
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
GPA: 
Rewards and recognition 2004-2006
Circle of Excellence Recipient 2012 Crown Perks winner 2013 Crown Perks winner 2014 Pinnacle Perks winner
Professional Affiliations
Owner of Nonprofit organization
Co Founder& Executive Director of Lug- N - Nuts Car Club
Member of Colorado Low-rider Alliance
Skills
10-key by touch, accounts payable, accounts receivable, administrative, billing, budgets, budget, Cisco, closing, interpersonal, credit, Client,
customer satisfaction, customer care, database, direction, Driving, general ledger, government, Internet Explorer, team building, director,
Managing, meetings, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office, Power Point, Window, Word, Works, negotiating, People Soft, policies, Presenting,
processes, quality, quality control, Research, Vantive, vision, Vista, written