PROCUREMENT ANALYST
Accomplishments
New Professional Organization Attend seminars and events relevant in today's business market.
Karass Effective Negotiating Training to develop key negotiating skills Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certification.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
March 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Procurement Analyst
 
City
 
, 
State
Performs strategic sourcing of MRO (Maintenance, Repairs, and Operations) items for the company's North American manufacturing
locations as well as supplier management of the strategic suppliers - spend $70M+ Sourcing functions include contract strategy
development, issuance of contract RFQs and RFPs, supplier proposal analysis, negotiations, awards and implementations.
Responsible for all supplier performance and the on-going management of strategic supplier relationships.
Creates integrated processes among internal functions (e.g., operations, purchasing and logistics) and outside suppliers.
Support teams in conducting negotiations with financial/bid analysis and developing talent Assists in the development of the global
commodity strategy and the implementation plan to leverage opportunities across sub-commodities and monitors compliance in order to
capture savings.
Demonstrates execution and leadership in commodity management, strategic sourcing, portfolio management, Total Cost of Ownership,
value chain analysis, supplier relationship management and implementations across the enterprise globally.
Understands the strategies, demands, and requirements of the enterprise and works to develop global commodity strategies that are
consistent with short and long-term strategic plans.
Analyzes the demand side for a commodity by completing spend histories and demand forecast, by identifying current suppliers, determining
procurement involvement, historical contract compliance, and demand segmentation to enable the identification of demand side
opportunities.
Works collaboratively with the Procurement Services peers to prioritize opportunities and allocate resources.
Identifies near and long-term opportunities within the commodity spend portfolio through market and business intelligence and interaction
with Resource Units that will add value.
Builds clear business cases/value propositions with supporting details to define the identified opportunities.
Develops cascading implementation/transition plans to execute commodity sourcing strategies.
Captures lessons learned throughout the execution of the sourcing strategy Work with team members to develop depth of procurement
knowledge and skills.
November 2010
 
to 
March 2012
 
Utility Technician
 
City
 
, 
State
Blast Furnace laborer for day to day maintenance and operations to help in steel making application.
Coke and Lime laborer assists in day to day supply of raw material to fuel the blast furnace operation.
Company Name
 
May 2009
 
to 
August 2011
 
Life Insurance 
Sales Agent
 
Obtained Pennsylvania Insurance License.
Established candidates for custom insurance packages, including life and auto insurance.
Company Name
 
May 2009
 
to 
November 2010
 
Personal Trainer
 
City
 
, 
State
Created custom training programs for 100+ clients per week.
Helped retain customer base and built new client list.
Education
California University of Pennsylvania
 
1 2010
 
CCAC
 
City
Ringgold Senior High School
 
5 2009
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Marketing
 
Marketing
Skills
business intelligence, commodities, client, clients, financial, Insurance, leadership, logistics, market, Works, monitors, negotiations, enterprise,
processes, Procurement, proposal, purchasing, relationship management, Repairs, strategy, strategy development, strategic, strategic plans, training
programs
Additional Information
CERTIFICATIONS National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM) Certified Personal Trainer May 2009 - May 2011 Life Insurance
License 
August 2009 - August 2011