SHIFT SUPERVISOR
Summary
Service-oriented Shift Supervisor with 2 1/2 years background in training workers, and maintaining a strong relationship with my workers an
customers. Core competencies include leadership, determination and dedication as well as excellent communication and time management skills.
Handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
Education and Training
May 2016
Associate of International Business
 
: 
International Business/ Politics
 
Monroe Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
International Business/ Politics
June 2013
High School Diploma
 
: 
International Business/ Politics
 
Kensington High School for the Creative and Performing Arts
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
International
Business/ Politics
Experience
12/2014
 
to 
08/2015
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
First-Line Supervisors of Retail Sales Workers 
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
Help customers try on or fit merchandise.
Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Maintain records related to sales.
Sell or arrange for delivery, insurance, financing, or service contracts for merchandise.
Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.
Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash
drawers, and making deposits.
Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.
Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.
Inventory stock and requisition new stock.
Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.
Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering.
Bag or package purchases, and wrap gifts.
Clean shelves, counters, and tables.
Rent merchandise to customers.
09/2014
 
to 
Current
Shift Supervisor
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Monitor behavior of subordinates to ensure alert, courteous, and professional behavior toward inmates, parolees, fellow employees, visitors,
and the public.
Instruct employees or provide on-the-job training.
Set up employee work schedules.
Supervise my team while they're out on the line, helping with the customers.
Bake, line cook, cashier, open and close the store, stoke/inventory, cleans, customer services.
Examine incoming or outgoing mail to ensure conformance with regulations.
Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.
Oversee regional and local sales managers and their staffs.
Listen to and resolve customer complaints regarding services, products, or personnel.
Examine merchandise to ensure correct pricing and display, and that it functions as advertised.
Examine products purchased for resale or received for storage to determine product condition.
Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.
02/2014
 
to 
08/2014
Choreographer / Secretary
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Direct rehearsals to instruct dancers in how to use dance steps, and in techniques to achieve desired effects.
Read and study story lines and musical scores to determine how to translate ideas and moods into dance movements.
Design dances for individual dancers, dance companies, musical theater, opera, fashion shows, film, television productions and special
events, and for dancers ranging from beginners to professionals.
Choose the music, sound effects, or spoken narrative to accompany a dance.
Advise dancers on how to stand and move properly, teaching correct dance techniques to help prevent injuries.
Audition performers for one or more dance parts.
Coordinate production music with music directors.
Direct and stage dance presentations for various forms of entertainment.
Develop ideas for creating dances, keeping notes and sketches to record influences.
Train, exercise, and attend dance classes to maintain high levels of technical proficiency, physical ability, and physical fitness.Teach students, dancers, and other performers about rhythm and interpretive movement.
Assess students' dancing abilities to determine where improvement or change is needed.
Seek influences from other art forms such as theater, the visual arts, and architecture.
Design sets, lighting, costumes, and other artistic elements of productions, in collaboration with cast members.
Experiment with different types of dancers, steps, dances, and placements, testing ideas informally to get feedback from dancers.
Record dance movements and their technical aspects, using a technical understanding of the patterns and formations of choreography.
Manage dance schools, or assist in their management.
Re-stage traditional dances and works in dance companies' repertoires, developing new interpretations.
Direct or coordinate the supportive services department of a business, agency, or organization.
Plan, administer and control budgets for contracts, equipment and supplies.
Monitor the facility to ensure that it remains safe, secure, and well-maintained.
Prepare and review operational reports and schedules to ensure accuracy and efficiency.
Hire and terminate clerical and administrative personnel.
Set goals and deadlines for the department.
Set goals and deadlines for the department.
Oversee the maintenance and repair of machinery, equipment, and electrical and mechanical systems.
Oversee construction and renovation projects to improve efficiency and to ensure that facilities meet environmental, health, and security
standards, and comply with government regulations.
Acquire, distribute and store supplies.
01/2005
 
to 
12/2008
Assistant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Establish and enforce rules for behavior, and procedures for maintaining order.
Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music,
storytelling, and field trips.
Teach basic skills such as color, shape, number and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills.
Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health.
Read books to entire classes or to small groups.
Attend to children's basic needs by feeding them, dressing them, and changing their diapers.
Provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in learning activities and in imaginative play.
Provide disabled students with assisting devices, supportive technology, and assistance accessing facilities such as restrooms.
Assimilate arriving children to the school environment by greeting them, helping them remove utterer, and selecting activities of interest to
them.
Serve meals and snacks in accordance with nutritional guidelines.
Teach proper eating habits and personal hygiene.
Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities.
Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health-related problems, and discuss them with supervisors, parents or
guardians, and child development specialists.
Establish clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects, and communicate those objectives to children.
Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress and needs, determine their priorities for their children, and suggest ways
that they can promote learning and development.
Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests.
Plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provides students with opportunities to
observe, question, and investigate.
Arrange indoor and outdoor space to facilitate creative play, motor-skill activities, and safety.
Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative regulations.
Prepare and implement remedial programs for students requiring extra help.
Meet with other professionals to discuss individual students' needs and progress.
Interests
Volunteer, Grand Rapids Animal Shelter, 2010-2014 Collection Volunteer, Toys for Tots, March 2007 Pee Wee Kickball , Assistant Coach,
2014-2015
Skills
administrative, Arts, art, agency, basic, budgets, cashier, cash registers, clerical, color, contracts, credit, Critical Thinking, Resolve customer
complaints, customer services, delivery, Electronics, English, special events, Experiment, fashion, film, financing, forms, government regulations,
Human Resources, instruction, Instructing, insurance, Inventory, lighting, Listening, notes, machinery, materials, Serve meals, mechanical, mail,
money, works, Negotiation, paint, Personnel, Persuasion, policies, presentations, pricing, Problem Solving, progress, Public Safety, Speaking,
Quality Control, Reading, Read, Maintain records, renovation, Repairing, Retail Sales, safety, sales, sound, tables, take messages, teaching,
Teamwork, telephones, television, Time Management
Additional Information
Community Service Volunteer, Grand Rapids Animal Shelter, 2010-2014 Collection Volunteer, Toys for Tots, March 2007 Pee Wee
Kickball , Assistant Coach, 2014-2015 Awards Honor Roll: Fall 2011 Student Athlete Award, 2008-2010 Employee of the Month,
Brueggers Bagels Outstanding Achievement in Customer Satisfaction, 20133x Pop Warner MVP Football Player 
Additional Information
I'm attending Monroe Community College 
for International Business/ Politics. Daytime Chair of C.A.B ( Campus Activities Board),Diversity Senator of SGA ( Student Government)